---
title: '28 Days Later: "The Autumn Winds Blow Chilly and Cold"'
categories:
- "2023"
---

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHj4E7gLhKo)

>Listen up you absolute peasants.  The time for fun and games has come to a close.  Daddy's home...and he's hungry.
>
> Viva La Dirt League, *Who's the Best Manager?*

When have I not kicked off a new fitness paradigm without a few restarts?  At this point these past few years, it is an ABSOLUTE requirement.  It has been 28 days since—WAIT, it has been *28 DAYS LATER* since my carnivore diet.  

For these upcoming mornings, this Bill's *Groundhog Day* will have a *Daily Affirmation* of "I am not as fat as I was yesterday; this is the fattest I'll ever be for the rest of my life."  *(Sure, we can add that "people like me, too.")*  I'm given to my excesses, and I've got a pile of discarded Twinkie packages to prove it.  But, I cannot make food the actor of that escape.   

This time, things will be different.  From 2018-2023, I maintained a competitive approach; I found value in being open, providing my results.  This time, it is a state of *being*.  There is not a future date for which to drive toward the horizon; there is not an achievement to unlock.  In time, my body's optimization will line up with my arbitrary expectations. 

I do not expect to write much further on weightloss.  Clearly, the most effective approach to this head-scratching problem is a high-fat carnivore diet.  You are welcome, society, I have cracked the code.  OK, to be fair, that 200/75 approach is not mine to claim authorship as I grabbed it from someone else who in turn recognized it as our ancestral diet.  OK, I have verified the methodology by replicating the research.  Better?

And thus, after years of discovery, I'll wrap it up: **a high-fat carnivore diet is how we can best achieve the best physical versions of ourselves;  it is the fuel for how we can max out our talents.**

## Moving On

Where will I take these entries?  I want to further enhance my abilities.  

**Computers?** With my recent viewership of Scammer Payback and Kitboda, I have been pulled toward my Management Information Systems background and I've even thought about returning to Linux again while obliterating my dependence on Google.  I really like the idea of a migration to an end-to-end encryption cloud backup service.  I also have a push in me to make widgets for the house which would involve Raspberry Pi tech.  I would like to have a dumb phone.  That Nokia *5150* was the best phone ever!  Hey, I would have even liked it more than if Nokia released a *OU812*!

**Music?** My heart is tugged toward picking up the guitar again.  There's just something special about getting caught up in a chord, a meditative quality with a guitar in my arms....well, really it is the emotional resonance:

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mb6y6Qlsyvw)

**Academics?  Woodworking?  Landscaping? Buidling a model train set in a diorama?**  There are just so many things in my head.  So many passions.  