---
title: "Day 4: Coffee Depoisoning & Domain Renewal"
categories:
- "2023"
---

## Coffee Coattails

Today's post hangs onto the coattails of yesterday's early morning post, for in my pursuit of getting rid of coffee forever, yesterday, I experienced everything I did prior, but WORSE!  That achy feeling that affected my back and legs came into focus not too long after that post was written.  And it accompanied me throughout the day.  

I tried to get up and move to shake it.  Still there. I stretched and downed water.  Still there.  I just lay in bed and covered up 'cause...it was still there.  Just felt awful.  

In my misery, I watched this video by carnivore [Steak and Butter Gal](https://www.youtube.com/@SteakandButterGal):

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiXzpk5DAPA)

In my own *cold turkey* break, I have not experienced a headache much less an onslaught of migraines as she did.  She drank just one shot of espresso a day.  Leading up to my departure, at the minimum, I drank 24 oz of coffee, but regularly had 36+ for—I do not know—a VERY long time.  Usually, I tap out at 72 oz., or 9 cups.  

And other times, when I would go a day without coffee, just like her, I immediately got slapped upside the head. I would return to that dark delight.  

I would fathom my lack of migraines has to do with my high-fat carnivore approach, unlike her higher protein approach.  But these aches, do I have them at 5:25 AM?  I see the horde out on the horizon.

Curiously, it was late in the day when, in my disgust of popping *anything*—I do not do medicine—I took a couple of ibuprofen.   I downed it with some bacon drippings I had frozen.  It worked!  I could THINK again.  I did not *just exist* with the singular thought of pain.

In addition to just starting to creep up my legs at 5:48 AM, I am finding a lack of appetite today—at least with my morning ghee.  It is funny because at 3:30 AM, I felt like a hundred bucks!  My mind was clear and as I stretched, I did not feel an ache.  Only when I did not get that morning joe, did my body complain...now as I write this sentence, my back is whining.

## INTJBill.com: 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023... and now 2024

With my domain renewal coming up, I flirted with the idea of going offline.  OK, so I more than flirted;  I was in a serious relationship with the idea!  But having my little corner of the web reminds me of what the web once was:  a place that was not brand-heavy, identity-soaking and thought-conforming.  It was not a TV.  

*This* is what a blog should be.  This *web log* is what the Internet was.  Not this nonsense about food blog or whatever—*those* are websites running a blog-centric content management system because of ease of entry.  But, that is neither here nor there.

So, I have signed up for another year at this address.  Immediately, my thoughts are on the road ahead.  A year from now when I look back at me, what do I see?  How have I changed?  Did I hit my targets? 

When I taught in 2012, I told my students that they ought to try out a service that will send an email that they wrote to their future self.  On [FutureMe.com](https://www.futureme.org/), I recognized this as the very thing that happens when one has a blog on the Net:

> FutureMe letters are great for...
>   
> * Reliving memories in vivid detail  
* Acknowledging growth & achievements  
* Setting goals for the future  
* Decluttering your mind to find some headspace  

This is EXACTLY why I write.  

## The Future

With this new year, I would like to organize this site more effectively.  I have shied away from categorizing the posts because—well, it is a MASSIVE endeavor revisiting 673 posts to come up with a category, especially as some posts were never cleanly defined.  Nevertheless, there is value to me in having the ability to quickly find a post.  I have also toyed around with adding a snappy search engine, but the results thus far have not been promising.

I dislike that once I write something, it slips into the digital ether never to be seen again.  I can be Sisyphus, rolling this boulder up a hill.  Once I get to the top, that thing rolls all the way down again.  I am gonna break that routine.  
