---
title: "Come On Feel the Noise"
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

Greetings from the wastelands of coffee withdrawal and detoxification!  Today, I can sit for longer periods of time so I'll take a win there.  What, isn't there like 10-12 steps to Alcohol Anonymonics?  For coffee, what step is [*I Wanna Rock*](https://open.spotify.com/track/70Z9t1qhytWtG4cCmmi7mU?si=cc78a42d85d74814)?

After a limited release, I chunked my classic retrowave theme in the bin.  While I would feel reinvigorated by it, a nod to the past years of fitness and all the drive within, my overall response was different.  Visually, it draws me in, but it is at the cost of the content.  

I set up the stylesheet to adhere to color standardization so there won't be one-off color solutions, thereby it's easy for me to switch out colors as needed.  Of course, I recognize all of this is for my own giggles—isn't that the driver for all of our behavior? 

Tangentially connected, my brief foray into Habitica is over.  It feels like a dying platform; there has been no innovation on the site.  I suppose it hasn't changed since 2016?  The thing is, you can't run a fantasy platform and not be imaginative.  As far as its subscription model, I always cringe when an open source project demands one.  Now, if I may adorn my DM cloak, I *could* make up adventures and employ tasks for their resolution, but for now, I'll just make my return to the free version of Todoist.

My New Year's resolutions remain open.  I find I can easily adopt a flurry of activity while disregarding the project itself.  We feel like we're doing something if we're doing something!  It's measurable!  But, ***why*** are we measuring it?  

