---
title: "The Pit"
categories:
- "2023"
---

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqZMcvd0yjo)

## Big Day at the House  

1. City inspection for the sewer line;
2. Dirt goes back in *The Pit* including that 4-foot pile that sits where that mailbox was—I am gonna make that old mailbox into some sort of build;
3. A quote and possible extraction of that troublesome, now rootless tree;
4. Installation of a new motor for the pool;
5. ~~The delivery of a clothes washer and dryer.~~ (rescheduled)

## The Right Quad

I have better mobility today than I did yesterday for I do not require the use of a crutch as a cane.  It remains a limp/scuffle movement with absolutely NO STAMINA in the muscle.  And if my knee is at 90 degrees the swelling makes it so tight that there is pain and has a bit of a *stuck* feeling for a nanosecond when straightening.

See, I am stuck between two worlds:  there is that old RICE approach (rest, ice, compression, elevation) that I am guessing was lauded back when fat was bad. Then there are all the other unnecessary acronyms that basically boil down to a system that encourages blood flow while adding a slow build-up of activity.  I mean, that approach TOTALLY makes sense because our blood is the logistics network of our bodies.  Why would we EVER want to hamper that?  No, I suppose I am not rationally stuck between those paradigms, but emotionally, sometimes we just roll with whatever makes us feel better in the short term and hence my near miss of sharing a beer with Little Debbie.

Fortunately, I am a carnivore with all the benefits therein:  anti-inflammatory, sugar-free, gluten-free, etc.  Even though I currently boot-scoot boogie on this carpet, I remain powerful.

> I ain't ready for the junkyard yet  
'Cause I still feel like a new corvette  
It might take a little longer but I'll get there  
Well, I don't need your rockin' chair  
>  
> -George Jones

I am really liking this [*Essential New Wave*](https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=RDCLAK5uy_naw1C0OeGlLj48gCdhHAQYIy5tzXRgOwY&feature=share&playnext=1) playlist.