---
title: "11:59"
categories:
- "2023"
---

## The Present

In the last heave of June 26, the power switch was flipped on, a minute to midnight.  I was activated.  Cue this:


[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lAZsw7sNNU)

1. Flipped on the pool filter and Polaris minion.
2. Lit the cauldron of the beans.
3. Initiated two loads of laundry.
4. Kicked off two batches of dishes (queued a third).
5. Unpacked iced foods and put them away in the fridge.
6. Sampled instant Starbucks coffee.
7. Uploaded yesterday's blog post and executed the build sequence.
8. Checked the status of the downed Xfinity Internet connection.

While Xfinity is down, I gotta say, they are on my good side: it surprised us yesterday with a free $200 gift card, which in turn, my wife said, "Happy Hot Day."  And thus, for #9, I purchased these off Amazon:

* $30 - JBL Tune 510BT headphones
* $22 - JBL GO2 bluetooth speakers
* $40 - *Loke Giant Book of Battle Mats, Volume 2*
* $38 - *Castles, Crypts & Caverns Books of Battle Mats*
* $47 - *Loke Towns & Taverns Books of Battle Mats*

## The Past

I wanted to flesh out my thoughts about the following entry, but it really speaks for itself.  That said, it absolutely delights me that I was not a whole lot different at 24 going on 25 than I am at 44 going on 45.  And yes, it is not lost on me that I am now talking about the past of when I was talking about the past:

[Friday, June 27, 2003](/diary/2003-06-27-to-be-or-not-to-be-corporate/)

Will I be much different in twenty years?  64 going on 65?  Nah...

## The Future?

And thus wraps up everything today from midnight to 3AM.  Next?  "Let's do this, LEEROY JENKINS!"