---
title: "Places to Do and Things to Go"
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

I set Habitica aside as my task management aid.  While a fun site that is better than most in its category, it neither does fantasy RPG well nor task management.  Sure, there are hit points and all, but it does not do a favorable job of questing for weapons and armor (the true goal of any RPG).  

There's no adventure *feel.*  It's all...pets.  Copious amounts of pets.  At first, the 8-bit graphics were nostalgic, but it began to come off as lazy.  *Bard's Tale* from 1985 looks better.  

On the task side, Habitica feels like the intended audience is a teenager who is just learning about task management.  There is not the complexity/structure in place for projects.  Just a smattering of discrete tasks.

But, I suspect the #1 reason why I left the platform is that it incessantly promotes questing with others, which made me feel a bit alone.  I didn't want to team up with strangers again after my last experience with Habitica, making it the Demotivation App of the Year!

I'm on Todoist for now, though its freemium model and its 5 project limit inspire me to create a spreadsheet—*(lemme punch that into Todoist).*  Don't discount the value of holding a hardcopy in hand to check off.  I used it for my strength program and found it satisfying to mark things off.  *(Whichever way I go, it'll be part of my Software Standards release for 2024.)*

What's the point of tasks that contribute to projects?  Too often, we neglect the end game, we think the journey is greater than the destination, that hard work beats smart work. 

It's all about dreams, isn't it?  Visualizing the dreams of the day that's far off while closer in the sunset of the horizon...putting forth the investment necessary to achieve that end...I'm afraid that I've spent far too much of my life on the journey—well, far too often for my liking.  A flutter of activity to just achieve the flutter is not a place—a destination.



