---
title: "2023 25% Off!"
categories:
- "2023"
---

## New Year's Resolutions

I might just return to New Year's Resolution both in title and content.  In practice, YES they are destinations, but...who honestly thinks of them that way?  And while I have felt the liberty to update them as it aligns to my life, an optimization of goals, they are goals set on 12/31, not 3/31!  Who cares about April's Resolutions?  They are not perfect and some I have actively chosen to fail, but I can swing by next NYE and release a better list.  Plus, it is beneficial to see what was on my mind at that moment in time.

And hey, New Year's Eve is my second favorite holiday of the year!  Why diminish it?  SO looking forward to this year's!

## *Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree*

Yes, it is April.  And yes, I am listening to Christmas music.  

Reasons:

* Celebrates the birth of my **undying** life's Lord and Savior.
* Places me in a good mood—brings JOY!

Now, why do I gotta wait 'til ALL THE WAY to DECEMBER for that sort of thing?  Yeah, it is decidedly NOT the stuff of *The Cool Kids' Table*.  

I am reminded to set aside some cash each month for Christmas.  I should have already been on it earlier, but all of the cash that goes out the door with the purchase of a house spins my head around.  I do it for my yearly Mint Mobile, 6-mo car insurance and homeschool purchases—why not have a Christmas category?  It is a predictable cash outflow.  

## Undying

> Tearing through these days I find the tolerance to strive and push on  
I know what lies beyond this life for me is already won  
No one can take away the blood that covers over my fall  
Without the blood of perfect life I know I'm nothing at all  
So now I reign forever hallowed in eternity's hand  
No man can shake me from the everlasting ground that I stand  
When this season ends  
>  
> -Demon Hunter

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lH6frZc7fuE)



