---
title: "BILL2K24"
categories:
- "2023"
---

The second song of the training-centric 32E is...

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcAwd-FVg8w)

I have moved beyond Sunday's fat fast and its 220/3.3 macros.  This morning, I carried out the first day of my new implementation: a 3 AM alarm.  I felt it was time to hand over an additional 30 minutes to my mornings.  It came about very organically.  

Amusingly, I was five minutes late to my garage workout.  Eh, it was one thing after another: did not grab stuff the night before, forgot to print out this week's resistance sheet, etc.  I was going to start something else new today, a 5-minute shadowboxing with my 16 oz gloves, but that will just have to start tomorrow.

Everything felt good.  I remember thinking that my body responded to lifting weights just as it does when it absorbs sunlight:  there are natural processes that are flipped on in response that just make me happy.  Shrugs were good, though I think I will double the reps next week to 40.  The incline rows were edging toward the redline, which is good.  

But the straight-leg deadlifts...*wow*.  At the time I was doing them, it felt more like...a cardio endeavor.  Everything is controlled, not bouncing.  It is so easy to wreck myself there, right?  I am bending down and not using my legs of all things!  Honestly, I felt like I could do more weight than these 20 lbs dumbbells, but I recognize the value of form and (continued) function.  So, it is 5x20.  Or, I am bending over with my back and picking up 40 lbs some 100 times.  I felt really good at the time, though a little taxed. Now 5 hours later, I totally feel my spine!  In the moment, I felt empowered.  I felt alive.

And thus the time came for me to go to the gym for as it has been said,

> You wanna be startin' somethin'  
You got to be startin' somethin'

I warmed up with the arc trainer.  Set it to its greatest height and got my heart rate up.  Ran it through its paces for 20 minutes.  Typically, I will go for an hour, but NOT today.  I spent the night before configuring my Garmin watch for something new...

I climbed up the stairs and fiddled with my watch's GUI for a bit.  OK, for about 10 minutes I walked around and could not figure it out!  I even did a preset interval thing and started, but that just would not satisfy me.  

I finally was able to kick off the program I set out to do and began an interval approach based on a couch-to-5K program: 5-min warmup with 1-min run / 1.5 walk sets.  Honestly, I did not even know if I *could* run. It was not that long ago in March I held no claim in my ability to walk.  And I had quite the audience.  There must have been 20+ doing circuit training below me—I immediately regretted not bringing my earplugs inside for my Aftershokz.  There may have been 5-6 others on the track.  

But like Taylor Swift, I *Begin Again.*  

I knew I had the stamina to pull it off.  I possess the mental fortitude to pull off each set.  The question mark I had was my wheels.  Could I do it?  

Oh, I was slow.  SO SLOW.  But, THIS was whether I could go the distance.  It was four weeks ago to the day where after just walking a couple of laps around this track, my shin ached terribly.

Well, I *did* it.  

I finished 25-30 minutes later then immediately afterward, I climbed atop the spin bike and set the seat height to 11 because...

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hW008FcKr3Q)

I began pedaling.  I did not use my Garmin this time because I had no plans today to get familiarized with the bike and the training approach.  I chose to use intervals again but applied 30 seconds out of the saddle followed by a 1-minute return.  I did this for 10 minutes, knowing I could continue, though I spent 8 minutes of that time figuring out how I could bump up the resistance!  

I ended my morning by going down the stairs.  Normally, this would not be a big thing, right?  And yet, for the first time in a very long time—since August, some 8 months ago—I did not use handrails to safety net myself.

I did all of that on a fat fast which was broken afterward by 5 oz of canned salmon fillet, 3.3 oz of cooked bacon, 2 eggs and a tablespoon of bacon drippings.

Things are changing.  

Like the opening song references, I was a monster.  It was the best workout I have had in years, maybe the best on this side of 30 in context to everything and challenging myself.  

