---
title: "Leave It All Behind"
categories:
- "2023"
---

[This is another song](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=35bdgiT2Spk&feature=share) I heard for the first time the other day and KNEW this Shinedown-like, Alter Bridge cover was going inside The 32nd Expedition playlist:

> On this day, it's so real to me,  
Everything has come to life  
Another chance to chase a dream,   
Another chance to feel,   
Chance to feel alive  
> ...   
> I'll never long for what might have been  
Regret won't waste my life again  
I won't look back  
I'll fight to remain.  

## Yesterday

I decidedly did *not* like yesterday morning's performance at the gym.  That's not me.  Later that day, I did two miles of yard work, mowing, a bit of weedwacking, blowing and removing an accumulation of honeysuckle debris.  My pool had all sorts of debris, so I waded around for the next 30 minutes with my mop-up duty.  Incidentally, I spent 2 ½ hours in direct sunlight with this ol' shaved head and a nary a burn.  Carnivore FTW.

You'd think I made up for that morning's fitness lapse; maybe I did.  But, I wanted to leave no doubt.  That evening, I went back up to the gym and spent time on the treadmill, despite my dislike of evenings at the gym. 

## Today

I was in good rhythm today and spent a moment before 4 AM to kick things off.  I actually earned the *I Am the Night* badge—I love this concept so much—not realizing I have been within a minute of earning that thing every weekday for nearly 5 weeks!  All I had to do was record a workout between the hours of 10 PM to 4 AM.

It was my Legs day, a series of exercises that make a bigger impact as I do my cardio thereafter.  47 minutes later, I headed down the road to the gym to complete my hour on the treadmill.  As I stumbled out the door and down the gym walk in my return, I came away with the satisfaction that I accomplished what I set out to do.  I looked forward to June 19's weigh-in.  THIS is how I win: I earn it day in, day out. 

