---
title: "The Outset of The 33rd Adventure"
categories:
- "2023"
---

## Dirt

In Expeditions past, I would use the opening of this post to announce the weightloss results of the prior six weeks.  It makes sense:  those 42 days have led up to this point.  Why not blast the ol' trumpet for a proper royal fanfare?  I'll do that shortly, of course, but it retrospectively and constructively is of little value now that I am here.

As I considered the upcoming Expedition, I wanted it to be something different.  I sought for it to be something new by being something old.  I pored over decades-old bodybuilding material.  I even spent hours designing a superset regimen that would work everything over twice a week on a 4-day, MTRF schedule; I had planned on rolling it out today.

And yet, there was something in me that was decidedly not at peace; there was a war within.  It was not the challenge of going from a weekly target of 85 to 190 sets of 15 reps; I actually welcomed that!  No, the question that was on me was "Why?"  My departure date has already been booked.  It was scheduled at the same time as my arrival date was marked down.   I look in the mirror.  The silver is a reminder that this physique is slipping through my fingers.

Do I want to bodybuild to look "*pretty*?"  Is that what I'm going with?  Really?  *That* value system?  Driven by external factors that are so very temporary?  When I was young, I thought time would never change for me.  And yet, it is coming.  

Several days ago, I watched the Arnold Schwarzenegger documentary miniseries on Netflix.  He became the best in the world in bodybuilding.  Then he changed careers and reach the top of the movie industry.  And finally, he became governor of California.  Now, most folks applaud him. "Thumbs up for that guy!" 

Any one of those three would make a fine career alone.  But, right there on the surface, it seems he never feels he measures up;  it's never enough.  Today, he steeps in regret for the pain he causes his family.  He'll freely admit that his body is not what he once had.  All of those hours in the gym:  what of it?  And there's no desire for God even as he is on the threshold for eternity—like we all are, though some of us are closer than others to being shoved out the door.

Is that the best the world can do?  Is that the exemplar I'm to follow?  Here's a guy who reached the top not once, but THREE times.  What does he have to show for it?  Health ain't there.  Money?  Fame?  Is that the stuff collectively agree has value?  

This is all been done before.  I am reminded of the Preacher.

In the same way as with Arnold's, I do not covet Donald Trump's life.  All of that fame, power and wealth—all of that is what everybody seems to chomp at the bit about, and yet, there seems to be a life there that is *absolutely miserable*.  This is not a new theme for me.  [I wrote about it twenty years ago in September.](diary/2003-09-25-you-could-have-it-all/)  I can be 25 or 44, I still have the same take on the matter.  

A thumbs up from the masses?  Don't ever give me that.  In that first job search after college, I regularly prayed this passage:

> 7 Two things I ask of you; deny them not to me before I die:  
8 Remove far from me falsehood and lying; give me neither poverty nor riches; feed me with the food that is needful for me,   
9 lest I be full and deny you and say, “Who is the LORD?” or lest I be poor and steal and profane the name of my God. 
>
> Proverbs 30:7-9, ESV  

## Who am I reflecting?

Do I return to the garage and hit the weights anew and start the ninth week of lifting?  I am favoring myself in the mirror more.  However, we have the ability to look beyond the mirror...do I like looking at that guy?  

I gave up my daily worship, relationship and study of God and began sacrificing my time, talent and treasure for this god.  Yes, my headspace affirms that as to Jesus being either a liar, lunatic or Lord, the correct answer is C.  But, do I live my life as if I shoved all my chips to the middle of the table?  That I'm all in?  Or is it something I ever-so-conveniently dismiss when it is time to worship me?

I must look in the mirror, beyond the *swoll* biceps and ask, "Can the following be said of *my heart*?"

> This people honors me with their lips, but their heart is far from me; 
>  
> Matthew 15:8 ESV

There is value in resistance training and fitness overall—isn't this what I've been all about?  But, it is such a *short-sighted* goal in terms of...well, FOREVER.  *Where am I?*

How ought I kick off my 3-somethings in the morning?

> 5 Trust in the LORD with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding.  
6 In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make straight your paths.  
7 Be not wise in your own eyes; fear the LORD, and turn away from evil.   
8 It will be healing to your flesh and refreshment to your bones.  
> 
> Proverbs 3:5-8 ESV

## On to Business: The 32E's Results

<p style="font-size: 2rem; font-weight: bold;text-align: center">10 lbs.</p>

Since November, it tallies up to a weightloss of 77 lbs after 30 weeks.  Let's call it, folks: if you want to lose weight, go high-fat carnivore. It now makes a double-digit weightloss for FIVE consecutive Expeditions.  With a target of 200+/75, I did it on daily averages of these macros:

* **Fat**: 222 grams
* **Protein**: 76.4 grams
* **Carbs**: < 1 g

## My Competition

Coming at no surprise to me, I lost Game 5 of this series [against 2020 me](/fitness/#competition-the-ketocarnivore-vs-hfc): 5.9% to 4.4%.  17E was a juggernaut!  That said, I am already going to predict that I am going to pick up wins for the next four games.

## Expeditions 28 - 32 Intake Summary

I thought I'd provide the following table.  It is a total of everything I have eaten in the last 4 Expeditions, with the daily macro average of the past 5:

<div style="overflow-x:auto" markdown="1">

||28E|29E|30E|31E|32E|
|--|--|--|--|--|--|
|**Fat (g)**|217.1|200.5|204.8|220.7|222.0|
|**Protein (g)**|74.8|76.7|77.3|79.8|76.4|
|Bacon (lbs)|—|9.5|8.4|8.5|6.7|
|Butter (lbs)|—|10.1|5.3|16.6|17.4|
|Coffee (gallons)|—|10.4|6.5|4.1|7.6|
|Bacon Fat (cups)|—|4.5|5|3.6|3.7|
|Ground Beef (lbs)|—|12.2|10.1|9.3|4.4|
|Eggs |—|—|17|82|70.3|
|Prosciutto (lbs)|—|—|0.5|1.4|1.1|
|Rib eye (lbs)|—|—|—|0.4|—|
|Chicken Wings (lbs)|—|—|—|1.8|4.8|
|Gelatin (pack)|—|—|—|1|—|
|Pig Rib (lbs)|—|—|—|0.2|—|
|Oyster (cans)|—|—|0.5|—|—|
|Ghee (lbs)|—|3.7|8.2|—|—|
|Beef Liver (lbs)|—|—|3.6|—|—|
|Lamb (lbs)|—|1.5|—|—|—|
|Beef Ribs (lbs)|—|0.1|—|—|—|
|Smoked Salmon (lbs)|—|—|—|—|0.2|
|Fresh Salmon (lbs)|—|—|—|—|0.7|
|Chicken Broth (cups)|—|—|—|—|8|
|Canned Salmon (lbs)|—|—|—|—|1.2|
|Pork Rinds (lbs)|—|—|—|—|0.2|

</div>

## "Seasons Change With the Scenery Weaving Time in a Tapestry"

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cvPWFmHhjc)

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4X4L9O3YYw)
