---
title: "The Midnight Comet"
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

"Hi there. Day 18—it's GREAT to see you again!  Been awhile...I guess the last time was around December 9th last year?"

Hearing the train in the dark of these pre-dawn transported me for a moment to our old place near the UofM campus.  How I loved to jog alongside the passing train...

It's Wednesday, which means I conjure a loaf of bread. *(I'm doing a MWF thing.)*  It's a LONG casting spell!  Fashion it all together, 45-minute rise, flatten, 45-minute rise, and bake for 37 minutes.  Of course, though the smell is delightful, this bread is decidedly NOT for this carnivore! 

A lot of the time, I'll champion my 637-day streak on Carnivore and how I wish to best it. *(c'mon June 27, 2025!)*  I tend to forget that it was part of a larger narrative, those 795 days when I never ate anything outside of my plan—NOT a SINGLE cheat! *(c'mon New Year's Day 2026? \*gulp\*)*  

By the way, what was the best of my low-calorie, 1000-1240 kcal/day attempts?  116 days.  And THAT was miserable.  "Ooh, lemme have a lunch of dehydrated spinach, broccoli, and flaxseeds."

"Naw, bacon, man.  Bacon."  

While I take in my protein whenever I want to plug that into the day, I need my energy first thing, something that unlike carbs/sugar our body needs: fat.  The butter coffee I drink every day currently accounts for around 67% of my fat intake.  It aligns with our cultural tradition of eating breakfast foods with a higher fat content than other meals.

While I've been active this morning, I still want to implement my fitness routines amidst my breadmaking and early morning planning.  Part of that is meditation, which is REALLY hard to do, 'cause I don't want to sit around and do nothing!  That said, while my 30-minute sessions are out of reach for now, I'm delighted to find a favorite app on F-Droid, Breathly, updated and available on both Google Play and the App Store.  It's a simple app that lets me practice my breath.  I like to set it square breathing and run it for a couple of minutes. 

Speaking of numbers, isn't it GREAT that 2024 starts on a Monday?