---
title: "T-Minus 182 Days"
categories:
- "2023"
---

Perhaps I was over-caffeinated.  

Perhaps I should have stayed in bed when I awoke near the 2 AM hour.  

Perhaps I should not have kicked off that breadmaking session.  

Perhaps I ought to get a shop fan.  

My intention this morning was to lift weights and then head over to the BRC.  In practice, I tried to squeeze in my strength routine between dough rises and I already see that my bake time drives right through my gym time.  What ultimately torpedoed me is the thickness of summer in a garage coupled with the ramp down of the superset & bread forming combo and my failure to fire the engine up again. 

I tried to go back.  I did.  But, I just felt...green.  Unmotivated.  Wondering why I was doing this?  In a pursuit that requires so much determination, what is its payoff?  While this is farcical, a part of me totally buys into this argument:


<div class="yt">

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRApcO6_FtA)

Of course, the mind can come up with a million ideas at the crossroads of nausea and the promise of relief.  These can hardly be trusted.

Perhaps I should have prepped my day.

But, I do have a loaf to show for it.

## Resolutions' Progress

This may be a regular feature on this site.  OK, this *section* will be a regular feature on this site.  I mean, yeah, I've got an entire page dedicated to the resolutions and found a Jekyll plugin this morning, [*Last Modified At*](https://github.com/gjtorikian/jekyll-last-modified-at), specifically just so that I keep track with a timestamp as to my last update to that page.

Under my Intelligence section, I did a little shopping for my hobby goals:

1. **Establish a New Hobby!** Play With Electricity! 
2. **Entertain ANOTHER New Hobby!** Custom & Salvage Computing!

For #1, I bought a cheap DIY Bluetooth speaker kit and a soldering iron KIT.

For #2, I bought this Arduino kit:

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jvITrAwBRQ)

And finally, I purchased a magnifying swing light that will contribute to the success of  sboth.


