---
title: '"It&apos;s Three AM (In Name Only)"'
categories:
- "2023"
---

Well, I tried.  Last night, I drifted off to dreams around 8:30 PM.  I woke up from my slumber...it was 12:30 AM.  I *tried* to go back to sleep.  Again, I was faced with the prior night's dilemma: waste hours in bed or get crackin'.  Early bird gets the worm, right?

That said, I listened to more dungeon master how-to's as I cast Conjure Bread and leveled up my Strength attribute.

For Future Me to recall, I thought I'd capture my current approach to breadmaking:

## The Recipe for the Bread I Made Today

### Phase: I. Arise My Minions!

1. 1 cup of *The Bathtub Water*
2. 1 teaspoon of *The Yeast*
3. 1-2 teaspoons of *The Sugar*

### Phase II:  "Autobots, Transform and Roll Out!"

4. Ploppin' in *The Flour*, whisky-to-spoonie
5. Add 1-2 teaspoons of *The Salt*
6. Add 1-2 tablespoons of *The Unsalted Butter*
7. *...And I Knead You Now*
8.  Butter Up Bowl, Swirl and Plop.

### Phase III: Lift Weights

1. *You've Got to Hide Your Love Away*...for 45 Minutes.
2. Butter up the pan, shape and..."Encore, encore!"
3.  Wash it with *The Egg* if you so desire.
3. Throw it in *The Furnace* at 350℉ for 35-40 minutes.
4. Cover up in a towel!

## My "Feeling Cute, Might Delete Later" Workout Schema

In fulfilling Phase III of the above, I decided to run through my new, trimmed-down workout routine again.  I don't have Wednesdays (maybe Saturdays) figured out yet, but I feel good about what I have hammered out.

Everything is 5x15 with the exception of Shrugs (5x30) and  crunches for a minute each set

### Mondays & Thursdays: Pull

<div style="overflow-x:auto" markdown="1">

| Superset | Exercise | Target|
|--|--|--|
| 1 | Stiff-Leg Dead Lifts | Back |
||Zottman Curls|Biceps / Forearm|
| 2 |Incline Rows| Back|
|| Curls| Biceps |
| 3 | Shrugs | Shoulders|
|| Upright Rows | Back |

</div>

### Tuesdays & Fridays: Push

<div style="overflow-x:auto" markdown="1">

| Superset | Exercise | Target|
|--|--|--|
| 1 | Flys | Chest |
||Close-grip Press|Triceps|
| 2 |Bench Press| Chest|
|| Seated Lateral Raises| Shoulders |
| 3 | Incline Bench Press | Chest|
|| Arnold Press | Shoulders |
|| Crunches | Abs |

</div>







