---
title: '"You Make Me Sweat, You Turn Me ‘Round"'
categories:
- "2023"
---

Yesterday, I received that bundle of items from Amazon.  The initial, WAY-too-early-say favorite?  My clipboard with the storage?  My cheap shelving solution for tabletop games?  My lead spinnin' pencil?  The other, anti-break pencil?  Even the laptop ledge?  Who knows how I'll feel later about that DnD module or *Dead of Winter*.   I do know that $200 went WAY too fast. 

This morning was the last workout of The 32nd Expedition: On This Day.  Again, I ran supersets and was left with a lot of time on my hands.  It was surreal to recognize that it was the last time I would listen to [that playlist](https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5J6jDzx3kTcVL-aArjygJoWo6YADUeV8&feature=share) in this Expedition.  This span of six weeks was an emotional, night cruise in the DeLorean, down empty avenues of the past while forging ahead toward shaping that which lies ahead.  Man, I missed out on adding an end credits to this movie!

My last set for this Expedition was an impromptu set of 1-minute's worth of crunches with my legs propped up on the bench.  Honestly, I just wanted to see where I am with them for there was once a time it was a staple of my workout.  Then again, there was once a time I wore bangs down to my mouth.

My only regret is that I didn't do more of them!  I suspect it will become a pivotal threshold I will have crossed...

## Announcing the Next Expedition!

Coming this summer...

June 19 - July 30 
{: style="font-size: 1.3rem; font-style: italic; text-align: center;"}

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2MvTa4HTYc)