---
title: 'Onward to the Third Carniversary: "Looking for Fun and Feeling Groovy"
'
categories:
- "2023"
---

I have a 111-day headstart on my next adventure.  Around past Thanksgivings, I kicked off a 637-day Carnivore ride and followed it up with another 237-day  streak around that food-focused holiday.

This time, I begin again.  111 days early.  On an August 4. 

Things are different this time.  There are no neatly packaged Expeditions.  I'm not even curious as to my weight.  I'll weigh myself on my Third Carniversary which happens to fall on Thanksgiving this year.  What I do after that, I don't know, for *The Expeditions*, with its weightloss target, ultimately failed as a winning paradigm.  [These lyrics are apt  ](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=dM31IMh4Msk&feature=share), an anthem of my hard-hitting bag workouts in my country garage of 2020 from [The 16th Expedition: 20⚡25](https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5J6jDzx3kTcVmlmMzGRzkZjGXjVqVtDF&feature=share):

> Well, I never saw it coming  
I should've started running a long, long time ago  
And I never thought I'd doubt you  
I'm better off without you  
More than you, more than you know  

I've written about it in years past, but weight is not something we can control.  Sure, we can indirectly engage in methodologies that are consistent with gaining or losing, though it appears that hormones determine where we land on the scale.  That said, the construct of a number only has value in our heads.  

More importantly, I know what I *feel* like when I am firing on all cylinders; I am a champion.  I do added chores;  I bake bread that I do not eat; I work from Schwarzenegger's text to create my own bodybuilding plan at 45. 

But, I faltered.   I wrote of that recently.  I thought I could bounce back!  But after my Gordon's tromp through a box of Twinkies, a platter of cheesecake and a tub of freshly-popped-on-site, caramelized like Cracker Jacks popcorn,  what can better describe my experience than these words from Elvis regarding sugar?

> I thought that I was in heaven  
But I was sure surprised  
Heaven help me, I didn't see  
The devil in your eyes 
>  
> You look like an angel (look like an angel)  
Walk like an angel (walk like an angel)  
Talk like an angel  
But I got wise  
You're the devil in disguise  

Sure, there is an addictive quality to sugar.  But, how our emotions are wrapped into it is bewildering.  The collapses of the streaks were derived out of emotion: I had reached a place of an existential threat that ultimately snapped that 237-day journey;  the 637-day was an intense injury that alcohol mitigated.  Curious enough, my current inflammation of carbs has flared it up, near its own August anniversary coming up in a couple of weeks.

## AI of the Day:  Replica Game Demo

This video is fascinating to me for a game demo you can download for free.  In the past, a conversation with an NPC has been...a lot of ["Mornin', nice day for fishin', ain't it?"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEe-ZeVbTLo)  Things are changing as demonstrated below:  

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aihq6jhdW-Q?start=682)

This makes me think that since we anthropomorphize our dogs, how much more will we do the same for our computers?  In time, I honestly can see a "friendship" form with something like this assuming data persistence is in place so that the relationship evolves.

I already have text-based conversations with ChatGPT to tear apart subjects.  Add audio I/O and I would find it more helpful than most folks.  Add Scarlett Johansson's voice like *Her* (2013):

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ne6p6MfLBxc)

The singularity is here.