---
title: "The Fanfare of The 35th Expedition"
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

I have been feeling physically miserable.  That said, here's the weigh-in for The 34th Expedition: 19 lb loss.  It failed to meet expectations.

On the surface, I don't know what happened...but I do.

The Fat/Protein numbers with the loss:

* 28E: 217.1/74.8 (-10.45%) 
* 29E: 200.5/76.7 (-4.97%)
* 30E: 204.8/77.3 (-4.43%)
* 31E: 220.7/79.8 (-5.26%)
* 32E: 222.0/76.4 (-4.44%)
* **34E: 202.7/68.6 (-6.93%)**

As you can see, its 42-day average of fat was right next to the lowest amount of the series.  And its protein by FAR is the lowest.  I might speculate that I didn't eat enough.

Of I could just point my finger at how the results don't take into account the early water loss featured in diet kickoffs as I already had lost 6 lbs in the days leading up to this Expedition.

But, I suspect the culprit is something I'm doing now to get out of the way for 2024.  On Thursday, I cut my coffee consumption in half to 16 oz.  I did the same on Friday.  The only effect I felt was a sore lower back which I thought was due to Wednesday's activity.  Then came Saturday, when in the words of Whitesnake...

> And I've made up my mind  
I ain't wasting no more time   
Here I go again   

...I gave up coffee and my body has been all wonky.  It would be of no surprise to me what might happen if I got off this diuretic.  And I don't care what the fun-loving 80-90% of adults say, coffee is totally a drug that creates dependency.  I say this writing and writhing as it's uncomfortable to sit on this couch at this 3 AM hour.  The headaches seem to have faded into the background, but the mental state of discontentment continues.   

I wouldn't go so far as to say it's a "disorder"  I'm not gonna prance around and say I'm special like an idiot because I'm in caffeine withdrawal; I'm not gonna jump on the "mental disorder" bandwagon in the literature.  But, I do find it is curious that I gotta take this substance just to achieve the place where I feel normal.

I don't need that. 

I'm just glad I've got The 34th Expedition behind me.  There were so many restarts of that thing.  As far as the Carnivore diet's effectiveness, there have been NO workouts.  In fact, I only began carving out 30-minute walks this past week.  This is what I consumed for The 34th Expedition:

* **Bacon:** 7.6 lbs
* **Butter:** 14.8 lbs
* **Coffee:** 12.1 gallons
* **Bacon fat:** 2.6 cups
* **Ground beef:** 10.1 lbs
* **Eggs:** 70
* **Ghee:** 1.2 lbs
* **Chicken broth:** 3 cups

On to January 21, 2024's weigh-in.
