---
title: "Don&apos;t Let Perfect Be the Enemy of Good."
categories:
- "2023"
---

## In Review

Now at week's end, it has been a busy breadth of baking & bodybuilding.  There was also a weigh-in thrown in the mix!  I conjured 5 loaves of bread:

* 2 wheat (one was an assortment of shapes)
* 1 all-purpose
* 1 wheat / all-purpose combo 
* 1 bread flour

I even made 1 bread pudding because I had yet to scale back my yeast and water from 1 ½ tsp / cup down to 1.

And then there was the whole resistance training, though lately, while more intense than weeks prior, the 9th week has seemed more of a supplement to my life as opposed to a training focus.

Honestly, I prefer woodworking to *bodyworking*.

## Back Around Thanksgiving '22...

It is Day 215 of Carnivore.  It has been three days since I hiked past the 1/3 distance milemarker of my last Carnivore adventure.  The length highlights how epic that last run was and disheartening that heavy whipping cream led to my ultimate downfall.

Something about that statement amuses me.

I was delightfully appalled by this video by Dr. Berry: 

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUmuKt0svzw)

I mean, yeah, he's right—it makes sense: hot dogs are more healthy than that boxed stuff in the middle of the store.  Why my initial reaction then?  It is a couple of things 1) a failure to overcome my programming by doctors and bureaucratic entities; 2) I am just so sugar-averse.  

That said, a menu of ground beef and eggs is a superior solution.  But, if I go with the low end of hot dogs:

* Requires 3 packs  
* Nets 3 tablespoons of sugar
* Hits 72 g of protein and 216 grams of fat
* Under $4

...I might as well sign up for a hot dog eating contest along the way!  

Now that the prices of eggs have fallen, for under $2, I could buy myself a day's worth of protein for a teaspoon and a half of sugar.  Add 12-13 tbsps of butter and there's the fat I need at a price point below the above option.

Like most things, folks saying it is too expensive are really just looking for a ripcord out.  They'll gladly buy that $5 bag of potato chips.

