---
title: "Happy New Year 2023!"
categories:
- "2023"
---

Cue the *Also sprach Zarathustra*; throw on *See See Rider*: 2023 has launched!  

This morning, I had the first of *many* 3AM-something mornings.  Regenerating my morning mana, it came to me to  change the way I do my scheduling.  While I had 2023 mapped out, I *just* had space carved out on the calendar.  Time slots are easy to ignore, so I converted them all to Google Tasks.  As it doesn't provide a block of time, I just had to make a note as to the length, but in practice, it was all just a guideline anyway.  The takeaway here is the value in having a manual interaction with the objective, something for me to verify and tick off.   

After that, I invested about thirty minutes into a VR workout and followed it up with a 5K walk around campus, thereby maintaining the pace I've set out for the year regarding my Garmin challenges.  To start down that road of 250 audiobooks, I listened to Ambrose's *Band of Brothers*, a book I last read in Flagstaff in 2004 and have watched the HBO mini-series many times hence.   

I wanted to put more time in with my roadwork so that I have a bank of steps to pull on a rainy day, but these legs haven't moved in a while.  I sure don't want to blow out a tire!  With a monthly goal to hit, it's no different from my reading objective and will be more forgiving than a daily goal...it's more of a daily target of 10K to get to 300,000.  And I'll have to cover the "days off" of February.  

I am back on Facebook!  It's the one point in my Destination '23 that I nearly deleted before things became final at midnight.  In fact, I had just clicked to be in the queue for *An Ugly Truth: Inside Facebook's Battle for Domination* when I was notified of my first friend.  I mean, I was right on that page!  And so, it was decided; I was all-in.  And unlike the past, I now gotta hit that mark of staying on the platform.  

It's no different from any of the other marks I'm going to achieve.  The value is making myself available while bringing some value in the world.  And I'm not going to hammer with what ills the world on there.  If I need to vomit *that* emotional release, hey, I've got a blog!  Long have I thought folks ought to get a place like this instead of micro-blogging it on that platform.  And hey, it can TOTALLY be free for 'em on [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/)—gone are the days of Geocities with a handful of pages and a random banner ad!  I could just as easily host this thing there (and have).  Maybe the vomit is a viewership thing?  *\*shrug\**