---
title: "Long Away"
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIz8_C7hFZQ)

This is the time of year I start considering making another run at Facebook—catching up with old friends and strengthening bonds with people that have meant a lot to me.  But, I hesitate: 

I don't want the weight of their worlds to be yoked onto my shoulders.  

Their mid-40s mindless reliance on the medical industry while in a *stroked-out, limping-to-their-caskets* stagger to an unremarkable endgame as they absolutely insist they don't need to improve is BEWILDERING.  Their never-satiated desire to sit at *The Cool Kid's Table* by hungrily nodding in approval of evil is REVOLTING.  

Who needs *those lies*?  

As it has been said, 

>You'll never get nowhere smokin' the pipe...get rid of the drugs.  Get away from the in crowd.  Get'a close to God.

I'm not without my failures; I have been weak.  I look over this past year's New Year's Resolutions and see I was perfect 0-for-forever.  There was a time when I dreamed bigger—I felt confident of achieving success.  

I pulled out the backup of my site from that New Year's Eve.  I then played my YouTube Music generated [Winter Recap '23](https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=LRSRgPZAoJXVnkWSuw5hsYPQGpjdrzSYaYOl3&si=1zSCE9vZcktoZMpL).  I just wanted to wrap my mind around the mindset I had:  I was Geralt of Rivia, livin' on a prayer and dancing in the moonlight. I saw fire.  I lived like we're alive. 

Somewhere along the way, I accepted less.  Far less.





