---
title: "Of Apache Logs"
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

The Internet can be a lonely place.  

I begin the day with my ritual of *Blade Runner Radio*, the track this time is [*Pris*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ji_dZvUfe2U) as I meditate on and am mesmerized by [*The Best of Norway's Railway Cab Views*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7CJ3pm-e7s).  I am reminded of that moment in 2012 when I applied for a similar job when I departed from my terminal degree stop.

I turn off my ability to see passerbys.

You see, for the past few days, I temporarily opened up NearlyFreeSpeech's ability to track visitors to this site.  As it is a static site and Jekyll wipes out the entire public folder for each rebuild, I made a shell script to make quick work of the process requirements.  It is more of a snapshot than something live, like with what you might find with a CMS like WordPress.

Whether IP4 or IP6 numbers, I'd punch 'em into NordVPN IP Lookup and found "visitors" that spanned the globe.  They were from exotic locales like Hanoi, Bangkok, Hong Kong, Sweden, Moscow, Paris, Iowa...of course, they are all seemingly web crawlers or folks prodding and poking to see what they can take.  I get it, most websites are dynamic these days with all the holes therein.  But, this site is just good ol' HTML.  About as dynamic as a dot matrix printout. 

This site reminds me of the '90s.  View its source; isn't it delightful?  It reminds me of the '90s...well, my '90s, anyway.  Remember Frontpage '97?!  Looks like people are still downloading NVU; it hasn't had an update since June 2005.  

## Fitness

I've taken an unconventional route into my third day of carnivore: butter.  Yes, for the past couple of days, I've just had 1.5 sticks in coffee per day. Per session, I'll pour 16 ounces of butter coffee poured over a Yeti's worth of ice.  The mornings are a stick; the afternoons a half.

While there was a time I reserved Sundays for fat fasting, this time, I just stumbled into it because of a parameter:  I am not going to eat if I am not hungry.  

Simple?  

On carbs, we either don't pay attention or perceive hunger signaling.  We just look at these *artificial* devices to tell us the *artificial* time to tell us when to eat *artificially* as we eat *artificial* things.

I suppose it is befitting with this *artificial* world.

And yet...

