---
title: "Looks Like They're Diggin' Directly to Harbor Freight's Supplier"
categories:
- "2023"
---

## My Context

As I write this afternoon with a propped-up, extra-swollen quad, I hear the whirl of a concrete saw.  It coincides with the mound of dirt in my front yard.  Yes, my very FIRST full day at my new place and there is a crew working on pulling the sewer line that for whatever reason, it is not a straight shot to the street, but runs beneath the walk to my front door, drawing ever closer to the base of that big ol' tree.  At this rate, I'm either gonna have another swimming pool, or that tree is gonna have a fantastic moat!

While they were here upending roots from deep in my yard, a couple of guys from the pool place swung by to take a gander at our oddly not running pool and to share the basics of pool management.  Yes, it looks like we are going to need a new motor or drive or something?  It passed inspection from that company's boss.  *shrug*  I have put on hold my shopping on Carvana.

Maybe my shop will be just me whittling wood down with a dull pocketknife. 

*(media content yanked to optimize site)*

## The Logistics

Yes, we moved yesterday.  I picked up a 20' U-Haul yesterday before noon and gave it back around 4:30 AM.  And lemme tell ya, this Hulk would in time shrink back down to Bruce Banner!  I played Tetris / sacked groceries and fitted everything inside, then quickly dumped it back down into the new garage—I got a knack for pre-work for quick execution.  At one point, I was encouraged to take a break, but I responded something akin to, "No, I do what I do and I fight." On the third move from the garage to the house, I just lost all power.  I could not call forth from Castle Greyskull any longer.  I'd grab some hulking thing and just didn't have it.

I woke up at 1:45 AM and could not walk from a razor-sharp, right ankle pain.  And how I scowled that I put those crutches way across the house.  But, I got 'em, boy howdy did I get them.  Throughout today, I've moved couches and organized boxes, my knee up my right quad—the same as I injured in August—is just a tight, numb experience.

I just walk around the house with a shortened crutch as a cane.  Yea, but nevertheless, "I'm your huckleberry."

## Harbor Freight Trip 06 of 2023

It is not a wow factor for me, but I picked up a few more thing from HF:

* 30x18 wood dolly (rated for 1000lb)
* 3x 200L LED Flip Lights
* Pair of snips
* Plastic sheeting, 10x25


