---
title: "Meat Tomorrow"
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

Today, I enter the 10th day of carnivore—yes, that big ol' double digits.  Just getting the streak off the ground is monumental—from here on out, I expect to hit triple digits before not too long IF I maintain the focus on how this piece fits into my overall program.  If it becomes purposeless, that flailing *what's the point of it all* mindset, then it is doomed to failure, for SURPRISE: I'm not motivated by vanity in of itself.  But, capabilities and opportunities? Mark me down for that!

And THIS is why the theme for this high-fat carnivore (HFC) streak is adventure.  And in time, it'll no longer feel like a streak, but just what I do.   I mean, out of 8 billion folks, I can't imagine a single one of them logging in a daily count of days when they eat their take on a Little Debbie's snack cake.  In time, my carnivore diet will return to how I felt in that 637-day streak, that 1-year-and-9-month run when it mattered not that I was maintaining it.  It was just what I did. 

Eating HFC is not an end unto itself.  It is a core tool as it enhances my abilities, optimizes my body and heals the destruction that has been waylaid against it by plants.  

No, HFC is merely a pillar to what I want to accomplish.  

Speaking of tools, I continue to enjoy Todoist.  Yesterday, I set up some basic queries on its filters, things like "today & @chores."  I am still trying to throw my now 285 tasks into an effective, cohesive organism.  While I've never heard of anyone else doing this, I'm drawn to the idea of identity, wearing hats if you will.  Instead of labeling a project as a *what*, I prefer to label it as a *who*, almost as if I was assigning it to a person whose role role it is to do that task.  Stuff groups together nicely that way!  And then, if I can shape the schema into a fantasy RPG context, it's all the more better!  Huzzah!  However, this approach may not work well with someone who specializes and is not a hybrid class.