---
title: "The Butcher of Blaviken"
categories:
- "2023"
---

## The Progress
After evaluating my progress of what I set out to do in the new year, I realized I gotta taper back Destination '23.  Below, I mark out the things that I feel expectations were not met and that's nearly the WHOLE thing!

1. ✅ **Read the selected monthly Scripture M-F.**
1. ❌ ~~Read The MacArthur New Testament Commentary volume corresponding to the study of the month.~~
1. ❌ ~~Read the book of the month.~~
1. ❌ ~~Koine Greek Mondays~~
1. **?!** Send Expeditions 28-36 to surpass Expeditions 13-24's weightloss of 110 lbs.
1. ✅ **Eat a high-fat carnivore diet.**
1. ❌ ~~The Virtual Reality & Resistance Workout (Monday-Saturday)~~
1. ✅ **Maintain the daily Cronometer.com diary to track fat and protein grams.**
1. **?!** Create an optimized, general-purpose workshop.
1. ❌ ~~Woodworking Tuesdays~~
1. ❌ ~~Plans Wednesdays~~
1. ❌ ~~Mechanics Thursdays~~
1. ❌ ~~Calculus Fridays (via the openstax textbook(s))~~.
1. ❌ ~~Python Saturdays~~
1. ❌ ~~Listen to 250 audiobooks as The Blade Runner, The Entrepreneur and The Fitness Guru.~~
1. ✅ **The Yeard. MANifest the beard for the year. No Trimming Allowed. Overcome past years' failure by doing...ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!**
1. ❌ ~~Cities Skylines! Spend the year building one city. Inspired by City Planner Plays.~~
1. ❌ ~~Tabletop Thursday Every Week! Explore a new title every month!~~

It's not that I just stuck around with a tea kettle to see if I *could* watch that thing boil.  It cannot be said I was asleep at the wheel.  My 3AMs forged ahead.  So what gives?  There are generic, resource-related answers, but some of the specific to my setbacks are as follows:

1. Happily, the Bible study required more time than I would have ever expected.  
2. My use of Facebook torpedoed those early efforts.
3. My approach to the house search boxed things up.

## The New "Plan"

And thus, I'm left with the idea of whittling down the target to Destination '23.  There's really no way I can stick everything in a practical sense—well, if I do, it's shoddy work!  Thus, I *could* roll with this for 2023, though I don't know it earns a whole page on this site:

* Read the selected monthly Scripture M-F
* Eat a high-fat carnivore diet & Maintain the daily Cronometer.com diary to track fat and protein grams.
* The Yeard. MANifest the beard for the year. No Trimming Allowed. Overcome past years' failure by doing...ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!

And maybe the problem with New Year's resolutions is the set duration of them?  The launch date of a whole slew of things?  It's not the sort of thing you'd expect out of project management! I mean, that Gantt chart is an unbroken armload of parallel lines the whole year.

And maybe the whole thing is too far out in the future.  Yes, we can adopt themes or a vision for the year, but the day-to-day?  Perhaps it's unrealistic.  I still think it would be beneficial to adopt a quarterly approach.

## The Vision

Maybe my list isn't adequate.  While I have an array of To Do items, I'm not addressing my 2023 vision directly, just implying it.  So, what do I see?

1. Live a life of the Spirit, not of earthly, physical existence.
2. Maximize potential by applying how we were meant to live.

I like that.  However, can I even make resolutions out of it?  At this point, are they even applicable?

Some tasks maintain.  Some tasks advance.


