---
title: "The Time Draweth Nigh"
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

I must have established 2:30 AM, 'cause for the past couple of mornings, I beat my alarm clock by a handful of minutes.  While my workout plans remain on the drawing board, I *do* love the depths of the night to write...read...plan...be.  It seems when that ol' pesky Sun rises, the Things to Do are Devil's Snare, those grasping vines in Harry Potter's race to reach the Triwizard Cup

I have made the principal purchase of 2024: a black, genuine leather [ESV Super Giant-Print Bible](https://www.christianbook.com/esv-print-bible-genuine-leather-black/9781433565489/pd/565489?event=ESRCG) for $66.  This tome is 5 lbs and 7 oz!  I haven't had a Bible that heavy since I lugged my parallel Bible (KJV, NIV, NLT, NASB) up to the Ugly Mug and later Republic Coffee on Madison (2001-2004).  I've been wanting to buy a new Bible for myself for several years now as I haven't wanted to study from my parents' Bibles and just made do with a phone/tablet/PC solution.

I have yet to check out its durability, but its font ought to hold me to that July 2061 target.  It's something to think about:  is this my last Bible?  And by extension, which kid might seek it?  I "stole" my Dad's Bible as Mom was getting re-married after his death.  To my knowledge, his notes written in the margins are the only surviving words of his.  Imagine if the length of your life was over and the only artifact that remains representing your thoughts are the highlights and annotations in your Bible.

May I leave such a legacy of emphasis.

2024 is going to be something special: a year of vitality and imagination.