---
title: '"Until I Fall Away"'
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

While I did not attend Bartlett High School, so much of my time as a teen intersected with others from that school.  I might even say my interactions with them rivaled my own high school peers.  Whether it was from... 

* Working (and flirting) at Kroger Bartlett at 16, Piggly Wiggly at 17, and the mall later
* Playing down in the low post the best a 163 lb, 5' 9¾" guy nicknamed Shaquille O'Bill can muster for pickup games at Bellevue and Singleton
* Participating in those weekly football games at Weaver's where I earned that Moose nickname
* Casting rebel calls as Wild Bill to stumbling over my feet in another Saturday night of line dancing at Casper Creek
* Salivating over the last bit of *Melrose Place*; catching the first half of *Monday Night Football* (it was a school night after all); and enduring a bag of steamed burgers from the Krystal's on Austin Peay Hwy
* Attoning at Sycamore View Church of Christ

Last night, I watched a video, *Bartlett High School Class of 1996 Senior Video:*

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2maiyKgofwc)

As I looked on, there were the people of romance and friendship.  I laugh as I see another: I rub the keepsake on my chin as I recall how it happened an hour before I asked her out to prom—that basketball scar that pushed me over the edge with a last shot of courage. Only later did I find that her need of a dress was actually *that* and not a gentle rejection of me.  Just the actual dress.  As if I was obsessing over that much sequin.  Funny how we are so hyper-sensitive to every nuance to us in our teens yet we miss chunks of the big picture.

I saw the faces and they were every bit of who I remembered.  Much more can be said of a cascading of memories...the smiles...the pangs.  As I watched the video, a general nostalgia for 1995-1996 turned to something more personal, deeper: 

> And that REM song was playing in my mind  
And three and a half minutes  
Felt like a lifetime 
>  
> -Better Than Ezra, [*A Lifetime*](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=06hyYKwHugY&si=7KVv3uptRpjlHbm8)

The faces feel like home while the names are largely forgotten.  There are those in the video that will forever be there. 



