---
title: "Forty-Four Again (2022)"
categories:
- "2023"
---

> The geek in me  
Needs you to be    
The code in my script    
To debug and see    
'Cause I'm a geek in love    
And it's you I run to   
Yeah, the geek in me   
Needs the tech in you  
>  
> -ChatGPT's parody of Shania Twain's *The Woman in Me*

Signifying *something*, this is the first post I have composed in Linux since my return to Bartlett, specifically written on Linux Mint 21.2 with FocusWriter and Visual Studio Code.  While I dabbled with Corel Linux at the turn of the millennium, I never had it on any of my computers in those days.  So, it is a weird bit of trivia for me.

I have not had a Linux box since living near campus.  I had that New Year's Resolutions of embracing the Google ecosphere while adopting the user experience of a Mac user.  

In practice, I soon had my own homebrew Ruby setup running Jekyll, so how can I say I am anything like a typical Mac user?  I have nary a thread of hipster duds!  And instead of a pair of cool specs, if I cannot see the screen, you better believe it that I blew the thing UP!  I find that most disappointing about my M1 Macbook:  instead of using the increased resolution to provide sweet-sweet, crisp fonts, they just all go small on it.  Instead of having the consumer in mind, they tap into this desire to belong to *The Cool Kids Table*: 

"Don't be like your mom, mom jeans are cool now!" 

"Tattoo-faced singers have an unknown depth and are in no way pretentious!" 

"Squinting your eyes at the display makes you look...*mysterious*..." 

Diatribe aside, why am I bringing *Linux* back—instead of a *Suit & Tie*, it's a...

> I'm in my Linux shell and CLI, shell and CLI, CLI   
I'm in my Linux shell and CLI, CLI   
Can I teach you a few commands?   
>
> "Your AI buddy"

I suppose it is for every reason I have ever written on the subject in the past.  But, I like the additional control I have over *my* computer.  We as a society have slowly adopted a certain control over our e-devices, so much so that to free our phones, the phrase is called *jailbreak*.  

Isn't that *absurd*?  

I fear this mentality will extend beyond the confines of software/hardware.  At what point must we sign off on an Acceptable Use Policy of our own lives? I totally voided my warranty during that zombie apocalypse.





