---
title: "Inaction Is the Harbinger of Atrophy."
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

Welcome to November '23!  May it be the prologue of 2024.

I've been cycling the existence of this website.  At night, I want to tear it all down; in the morning, the pendulum shoots across the stars and I want to build the site up further.  I'm going to have to trust one of these fellas.  Since I'm writing this in the morning: "Hey, Night Guy.  Keep this place running."  

*(—I'm sure he'll listen.)*

These reflections are different at 45 compared to age 25 in 2003.  I do not know whether my world is larger now or if it is smaller.  I really hope it cannot be said of me that in 2023 I look back more than the 2003 me who gazed out onto the horizon at the adventure ahead.  I don't think I have changed in that regard, though the destinations are different.  At 25, my peers and I had bucket loads of vitality shoved into our pockets.  In these days, can the same be said of all?  A life of vitality is the life of a risk taker.  And I've got that in spades.  We *just cannot* play it safe.  Inaction is the harbinger of atrophy.

And so it is, what I left behind for the denizens of Facebook:

> So here, I stand, I'm ready for anything  
Just, a man, but I'm giving everything  
We're here only for a second and then  
We're gone when we least expect it  
So do more than survive  
Let's live like we're alive  
>  
>  -Nevertheless, [*Live Like We're Alive*](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=UoWC2Yag-EA&si=ogW1mae3hyUPj82f)

The other day When I wrote [*Best Of, Volume I: the Rule of Three*](diary/2023-10-16-three/), I wasn't just *talking*.  What I didn't do in that post is to scaffold it accordingly to show that it is the mindset that's important.  And that mindset, a focus propels it over the finish line.  Perhaps that's the chief end of this website.