---
title: "Midnight"
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

There remains the need for a 5 gallons worth of caulk to plug up missing content on this ol' site of mine.  I toyed with the idea of going '90s and sprinkling *under construction* GIFs all over the place.  I really thought those animated gifs were going to stay a thing of the past.  Maybe I'd throw a NETSCAPE NOW into the mix.  But NOT the dancing baby.  Never the dancing baby. 

Yes, I'm keeping this site.  Whoa, *big* decision, me!  I've only had this domain since April 6, 2017, 12:46:04 AM way out in Chester County, Tennessee.  Way back when I was still middle-aged me at 38!  I know, I know, there are folks who think 45 is in that middle-aged range that extends into the 50s.  But look at the math:  

* 73.5 years is the U.S. life expectancy for men. 
* The middle = 36.75 years  
* The twenties just CAN'T be middle-aged, so let's use that as a boundary.  
* 30 <------> 36.75 <------> 43.5

> You are 45 going on 46  
Baby, it's time to think  
Better beware  
Be canny and careful  
*Baby, you're on the brink*

I injected a bit of *new* meaning into *that* melody!

Clearly, these days I can be found at *the* Cracker Barrel or up for some old dialog over some bad coffee at *the* McDonald's.  

Hey, that brings back a flashback to the McDonald's off of Hwy 64, in 1995-96, when we'd meet together on Fridays for a Bible study with Sherrill before our high school days would kick off...

...which leads to another flashback, this time in spring 2002, meeting with Jack from FedEx for a Bible study at the Ugly Mug at Highland/Poplar on one of those days that mushed together as they do for the hapless, post college graduate.  There were a few like me and then the younger Rhodes students.  It was better coffee and we took turns bringing Gibson's Donuts.  

Yeah, I'm TOTALLY geriatric with my *old man* stories!

And yet, as it has been sung, "I still got neon in my veins...I ain't ready for the junkyard yet 'cause I still feel like a new Corvette."

In other vibrancy news, I'm now a full week into my carnivore hunt.  On to the next.  