---
title: '"You Wanted the Best, You&apos;ve Got the Best!"'
categories:
- "2023"
---

This past week had two memorable dates.  The first was the 8th anniversary of Mom's departure flight to Heaven, flying in first class!  Fortunately, I have already checked in for my upcoming flight, but the departure time is always *so last minute*.  

## Man

That said, I look forward to reconnecting with my folks...AND staying!  What does a Blue Plate Cafe look like on a street corner of a restored Earth?  I gotta think a non-fallen western omelette would be SPECTACULAR.  

It has been way too long of a time apart and this world has gotten so *WEIRD*!  Men running around dressed up like women and beating them at women's sports because of their MAN DNA—and I am supposed to applaud *that*?  That is what these knucklehead corporate sponsors do.  Geez, that is so anti-competitive.  What's next...

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlJm0JMcFno)

That man ought to...

### 1. Study *The Last Dance* (2020) series.  He will put that dress back on the rack for whom it was *designed*. 

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Peh9Yqf1GXc)

### 2. Watch the *Band of Brothers* miniseries.  My favorite scene in the entire series:

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ww2R3FHCjLk)

### 3. Consume Jocko Willink's book, *Extreme Ownership: How U.S. Navy SEALs Lead and Win*:

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljqra3BcqWM)

## Fitness and the Fire Within

I delight in *The Last Dance* because not only does it highlight Michael Jordan's competitiveness, but also uncorks an untouched bottle from '92 to '98, a span of time that I value dearly.  There is always a cartoonish depiction of the '90s—we were not all looking like Eddie Vedder or Gwen Stefani!  Honestly, the way I look now is the way I looked then:  a shirt with cargo shorts and a belt.  That summed up the decade for me. 

I mean, I did LOVE my best friend entitled *all-purpose khakis* but I am led to believe that was my personal trait:  

I could wear them...

1. With a tie to work at Piggly Wiggly;
2. Worship at church;
3. Attend school;
4. Play basketball.

I found that they felt like the pants of a heavyweight dobak/gi.  And thus, I split the seam of many khakis along the way.  I do not know if my black, Dan Post cowboy boots ever worked with khakis but I wore them all the time.

And a character trait I had in whatever context I wore those khakis was...*competition*:

1. **Piggly Wiggly**:  Always the fastest sacker; won smiles from my female peers; and I just enjoyed digging deep when I labored.
2. **Church**:  Ah, my poor Sunday school teacher.
3. **School**: I never saw grades as competitive.  I felt the whole process was arbitrary, a viewpoint I would hold for the next 20 years when I graduated with my MA and continue to view today.  In high school, I never studied and got the grades I wanted.  But, there was a scoreboard regarding *social engagement*.  In hindsight, I wasted too much time with a mirror in my pocket, a comb at hand and breath spray / Winterfresh gum at the ready.
4. **Basketball / Martial Arts**:  Inherently competitive.  In basketball, I would always guard the biggest and play in the low post to rip out rebounds or get knocked silly with putbacks in a different era of basketball:

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocukifxN-5s)

The second memorable date that I referenced at the outset of this entry ties into my own competition for and against myself.  Six years ago on April 2, *The 1st Expedition* was launched.  I weighed in at 321 and began a journey of education in the most effective way to lose and maintain lost weight while also achieving greater agility, stamina and strength.

[I committed failures](https://intjbill.com/fitness/#graphs) along the way to achieve that goal, but I did find the answer regarding weight.  The answer?

**Do not eat sugar (carbs).  Eat what your forefathers ate before the agricultural revolution.  Be who you are.**

That answer seems obvious to me now.  But long did I heed the advice of "authorities."  Now I question all authorities because they cannot even get *the basics* right!  How am I able to trust the complex?  They are no better than a loinclothed shaman with a year or two of Latin language, dancing in circles around the object of a patient with a lit incense stick in front of a crowd of hooping and hollering nurses.

This music video and its lyrics are an apt analog.  And his patient rides shotgun:

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ni5mIBdNW2w)

Another big turning point for me was my time in PhD studies when I recognized that I grasped things more readily than those for whom tutelage I was under.  This ability was confirmed by another professor without my prodding.  Is it too much of a leap to think those with a PhD are not a whole lot different than others given an MD?  I have no paper on the wall, yet I continue to challenge ideas, learn and grow.  Do those who possess a terminal degree continue?   As much as I love the '90s, I fear the doctors of today just keep a cassette on hand of what they tell their patients.

I walk the walk.  If it works, I will champion it.  If I just have been told it is the *right* thing to do, I walk back.  Gotta show that proof in the pudding.

But again, all of this is under the umbrella of competition.  To become better, you gotta challenge yourself and by extension, you are challenging ideas of the best way to win.  And unlike conflict or a sporting event, there is not an easily definable target to achieve—yes, of course folks use that number on the scale.  Mine remains 163 lbs with a dream of 155, but it is more than that.  Sure, I could hit that mark by ripping out body parts or taking my table saw to a leg or two.  No, the assumption is to become the best 163 version of me, which is a goal that is like finding the slope of a curve; always approaching 0, are we not?

I am not going to cheat myself through long-term fasting, semi-starvation dieting or to MMA cutting weight to bounce on that goal.  I want to thrive at that weight.  I want to earn it by my own hand.

## Status

I took up the crutch yesterday—who knew I would go back to that?!  I have been busy the past, few days—OK, busy everyday.  But yesterday, I got around to taking the vines/overgrowth/overhang off the gate to our pool and clearing another portion of the "yard" atop our pool's concrete decking.  I also dumped the last 11 lbs of calcium into the pool (need more, but that was what was on hand).  I then spent time in a 66℉ pool in an air temperature of 59℉ hoping I could restore my leg.  

However, it did not, so I grabbed the crutch for the next leg that afternoon that involved me dropping that same crutch for a wheelbarrow to cart debris to the curb.  I even somewhat trimmed a shaggy bush while wavering in the wind.  I hesitantly stepped down into the pool for a second time in the late afternoon for another revitalization attempt.  

I like the idea of blood being rushed to the internal organs to pick up some rich nutrients and then later be sent back to my leg.  As much as I do not like inflammation and swelling, it is such a good thing for me.  The reason we hate on inflammation is because we are doing something stupid that makes the body respond with inflammation.  My guess is that this is the same response our culture has toward cops.  I have heard arguments regarding the same attitude for cholesterol, like blaming the firemen for the fire, that ol' *correlation vs causation* thing. 