---
title: "The Second Week Start"
categories:
- "2023"
---

And we are now in the days of May!  That said, the breeze this morning awfully felt like a fall in November.  I cannot WAIT for that—gunning for that 3rd carnivorsary, November 21-23!

## Monday Session

This morning's resistance workout felt underwhelming: shrugs, incline rows and stiff-leg deadlifts.  Perhaps the only thing of note is that I organized my workbench more during set rests.  I dropped the weight on the deadlifts by 5 lbs from last week, though I really felt I could do the same again. At the same time, I recognized it took the whole week to recover from last Monday!

I got into the gym and did 1 hour on the arc trainer as I watched *Last Dance* on Netflix.  I intended to watch *The Walking Dead*, but with the start of the new month, I wanted something with drive.

After my hour was up, I walked some laps on the track upstairs, but I was not in the mood to pass folks, so I left thinking I might take my training outdoors.  But as I did not have a plan in play, I just tied things off, headed home and skimmed the pool.

I regret that I did not extend the cardio time further.  For that matter, I would like to explore doubling my resistance routine.

## Fill 'er Up

Yeah, my meal today made me laugh.  I did the two egg thing cooked in 2 tbsps of bacon drippings and a half package of bacon with a cooked weight of 3.2 oz.  However, this time instead of beef, I went with an ALDI package of prosciutto fried up in the skillet. The cooked weight wound up being 2.2 oz.  My plate—well, it was nothing short of going hog wild at an old Shoney's breakfast buffet!

And contextually, I already had my wake-up 2 cups of coffee with the 12 tbsps of unsalted butter.

Today's total misses its mark at 60 grams of protein, but I have been running hot on protein for days.  Then again, I can pick up the slack with the gelatin coffee in the fridge.

## The Future

I have been experimenting with running—well, primarily thought experiments, I guess!  But, I have been testing the waters with a few jaunts around the house.  Sure, I daily work on my recovery, but I envision it to be in the rotation one day especially as my weight continues to plummet.  I may even sneak a few of my 5Ks in!  Miss those UofM runs!

...and weigh-in for *The 31st Expedition* is in a week.  Feelin' good.

Now, what I don't know is...*Where You Goin' Now?* In the past, I always visualized where I was headed.  I worked to that end.  These days...I don't really know.  I no longer have any interest in Facebook...no scenario of *How Do You Like Me Now?!*  Truthfully, the only song that makes sense is [*Destination Unknown*](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=XfYmlhz3mIk&feature=share), a song that at first light in early Fall 2000, haunted me as I was out on the road, just north of Cincinnati.