---
title: '"Pour Some (Data) on Me"'
categories:
- "2023"
---

I now recall why I was adamant to have a Software Standards for my New Year's Resolutions:  I have been undisciplined in my tech application.  To LM to Win10.  "Snip-snap, snip-snap, snip-snap!"

And it's not like it's a hands-off thing: I rip fonts out of LM and slap Edge out of the room.  Rinse and repeat all over again. 

> Night after night after night after night  
Down in dry county  
They're swimming in the sand  
>  
> -Bon Jovi, *Dry County*

If I may misapply further...

> This ain't no thinkin' thing, right brain, left brain  
It goes a little deeper than that  
It's a chemical, physical, emotional devotion  
>  
> -Trace Adkins, *(This Ain't) No Thinkin' Thing*

I just might have to resurrect the Software Standards out from my digital graveyard.

I don't mind running my domain email, especially as I updated all of my accounts with the new address.  Still, it feels funny to pay more for my email for the domain than for this site.  I even had this address picked out: the90s@INTJBill.com.

Wordpress.  Bleh.

And while I will likely return to Gmail as my starter, I just may stick with Spotify.  It had slipped my mind on it having the one thing that YouTube Music does not:  user data, or specifically user data that can train up its algorithms to provide more effective results to the users.  I am loving this Spotify "radio" from an old Radney Foster song that was randomly playing in my head this morning, *Nobody Wins*.  

...which led me to listen to a song that hit *hard* in high school: Doug Supernaw's *Reno*.  Looking back through my life, who knew this Kenny Roger's *Gambler* would play out the way it has?  Another memory from '93,  Gibson/Miller Band: ["...high rolling, holding the winning hand."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8iO1Wq37QQ)

Naw, I ain't got no use for today's "country."  But in the Before Times?  Yeeeeeeeehaw!  I ~~could~~ can give an ol' rebel yell!

Ahh, enough with country.  This was my Spring 2001 jam in the 12-disc CD player, an album short enough to listen to its entirety as I drove around town in that ol' white, 1993 Chevy Silverado extended cab with the stepsides:
