---
title: "Escapade"
categories:
- "2023"
---

## Budgetman and His Sidekick, Mac!

I just finished up creating a supplemental spreadsheet to the family budget.  Honestly, all of those hours I spent in accounting coursework both on the undergrad and graduate levels  makes my fiddlings rather paltry.  I spent the majority of my time in those classes drumming up the ways I could build a Mr. T Table to debit relieved hoorays to the besiedged towspeople and credit cackling laughter from the multi-toned-aviators-wearing villains that just came off the set of *Dallas*. 

*(Pity the fool: I was the Walter Mitty of accounting.)*

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJBFB5GE8Ow)

## The Upcoming Expedition

I gotta admit: I have been the most excited about a coming Expedition.  I've got half the mind to make a countdown timer like I do for a new year.

33rd.  It is remarkable.  There have been 32 "six-week" stints that came before.  Yes, totally got the air quotes with that for those 5-6 Expeditions that got lost.  But, I always came back.

While I definitely highlight the weightloss these things pull off—it is a relatable construct—I am finding value to define them further as as agents of change.  Workouts are all about the mind.  The physical components are merely the meeples.  

I look forward to unveiling what I have as my targets for The 33rd to catalyze.  Coming this Monday!

##  The Competition. 

And thus, a weigh-in follows.  You'll recall my [Competition: The Keto/Carnivore vs. HFC](https://www.intjbill.com/fitness/#competition-the-ketocarnivore-vs-hfc), how I am competitng against my 42-year-old, 2020 self.  He was the one who started on keto and stumbled onto carnivore.  At 44, my adoption of a high-fat carnivore diet seems to have given me a lead so far.  That said, I have GOT to lose more than TWO lbs to not be tied after 210 days!

The suspense!  

OK, so I may be more jazzed up with a slim hope that I can best *The 17th: The Carnivore's* weightloss of 14 lbs (5.9%), but it may be more realistic to expect something in the 4.5% to 5% range, or, 10 to 11.25 lbs.  BUT, if I pull even that off, if I can continue the unmatched streak and earn a DOUBLE-DIGIT WEIGHTLOSS for the fifth Expedition in a row, well, BACON stays in my diet, proving once again, the superfood it is!  

Shall I be lauded with Greek laurels atop my head or will I drop my head with street urchins' spittle rolling down my face? Stay tuned!

