---
title: "Tell Me Your Fable"
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

I gaze deep into my coffee cup to see I've drank more than half of The 34th Expedition.  Yeah, there are less than twenty days before the weigh-in.  This brew took awhile to kick off the percolating. There's been a lot of coffee since 2018—what a transformative year!  The 11 years prior, 2006-2017, I had the desire for the outcome but there was no coffeehouse chalkboard. And then '18 came around...even today, I basically do now what I did 5 years ago; I've just made the switch to a better coffee brand.

Twenty-two+ days ago, I started at 274 lbs—I saturated to 280 about a week before that, but I spilled coffee all over myself and had to reset the counter.  That said, I am confident I'm gonna hear one less *kerklunk* on my medical scale; I'm gonna be in my mid-240s.  I haven't weighed myself—where's the fun in that?  But, I've done this before.  If you want to lose weight, I've got your blend: I'm your huckleberry barista.

And while I applaud the weightloss, 2024 isn't about that.  Don't get me wrong: weightloss is *absolutely* crucial to get where I'm going, but it's unremarkable in of itself.  Anybody can lose weight.  No, the gains get interesting.

I have been rewarded in my return as a carnivore.  Yesterday, along completing the the mundane dailies, I was empowered to... 

* ...bring order to the garage (gym/workshop) after months of neglect; 
* ...reset the tire pressure for the car;
* ...blow the fallen leaves off the pool cover;
* ...create the syllabus for the upcoming week and prep for the next day's classes;
* ...switch from baking a loaf to rolls with two eggs and bagel seasoning in the dough.

Lastly, there was additional webpage content work on my localhost dev site which might be revealed on a future date.

I gotta admit, I am in a 1996 mood this morning.  I just finished up *Yourself or Someone Like You* and now I move on to Robert Miles' [*Dreamland*](https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=OLAK5uy_l4KSbyQ7lJ7klCQSeuXM5w7qST39AKTOI&si=1O2NV0P7DqGqbfFM).  How often did this album ride next to me!