---
title: 'The Alaskan: "I Have Walked the Streets of Rome, I Have Been to Foreign Lands...'
categories:
- "2023"
--- 

I have reached the event horizon.  Not only have I surpassed the 60th day of carnivore, seeking to push beyond my prior carnivore streaks of 637 and 237 days, but also my mindset views each day as an opportunity for fitness, to whittle away and optimize this physcial frame—it's not chiefly about this weightloss thing.

Last week, I recorded 24 ½ miles of walking events; four days into this one, I'm at 12 ½ miles.  HOWEVER, for both weeks, I haven't configured Garmin to accurately record walking indoors (because yes, I walk at 0.2 mph indoors), so the numbers listed are more or less for my outdoor walks.

And today for the month...

...I've just edged out May for Total Steps of 2023!  And I've got 3 ½ days to go!  Just like that May most steps record broken on Sunday, today's another day that steals the victory away in the waning moments of the year!

"Here I am, rock you like a hurricane."

And there's a LOT of slack in there, too.  My January is gonna tear December up!  

Two weeks in, my lifting is in rhythm and I can see how I can take it the distance into 2026.

Never in my life have I maintained this perspective on fitness, that is, not holding weighloss as the primary factor.  Truly, it's the value of movement!

In the next upcoming days, I'll release a Dungeons & Dragons-inspired character sheet that's aptly named *HOME GYMS & GARMINS* that I'll work weekly to achieve.

Do yourself a favor and watch this:

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDGSA6zeAW4)

