---
title: 'Harbor Freight Trip 01 of 2023: "I Wish I Cooked Ribeye Into a Stir Fry...I Want to Fry Away"'
categories:
- "2023"
---

When it comes to shopping in Memphis, you perform risk analysis and weigh the benefit-cost ratio.  It's *Mad Max* out there.  Now, as I weighed my options, nearly getting ran off the road as I did, but fortunately, there was once a time I was a heavy gamer, I considered if I should try out the Harbor Freight's *Memphis* location.  In the Berclair area, it is on Summer Ave. Incidentally, I'm pretty sure it was the old strip mall of Piggly Wiggly; in '95, it's where I delivered milk one time in my 1979 Ford F-250 Ranger XLT.  

Conversely, I could head out to pristine Lakeland, at a location next to Kroger Stonebridge...well, Kroger Stonebridge back in '94, a place I applied to a job to sack groceries...and was *denied*.  These days, that Kroger leaped across the street and a Sprouts sprouted up.  I'd imagine the employment threshold likely has dropped *considerably* since then.

There was a time that part of the county was nice.  May I wager the use of *posh*, even?  I used to go to Great Oaks Church of Christ that was held in a barn in the middle of Davies Plantation Neighborhood—today; today, it is called: *Hillwood at Davies Manor*, whatever that is.  Meh, it was just the place where as a teenager, I could receive and slam-sort metal chairs faster than those old 40-year-olds could queue and give 'em to me and have my freshly 16-year-old heart broken by a 15-year-old blonde.

So, the area was familiar to me...many, many days were spent down Hwy 64 to my parents' print shop over in Somerville.  And today?  It totally felt like Hickory Hill circa 2002 (I do miss my CompUSA).  I got the distinct feeling I was being watched.  But, hey, who wants to mess with this grizzled, old man that knows how to carry himself coming out of a tool store?  You just might get a 36-inch pipe wrench upside your head if ya did 'cause, *[I'm your Huckleberry](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfgQWvhu8s4)*.  

But, no, there was not a pipe wrench in my bag that day—why do I need that—YET?  Instead, it was as if I swiped bags off of Santa's sleigh just for me!  And, I drove away as I hit a pothole in the street, driving all the way down Stage Road before taking a left turn onto Covington Park, seeing everything I once saw, reliving my *Fields of Gold* video.

## My Hercules Cordless Drill

* 20v Brushless Cordless 1/2 in. Drill/Driver - Tool Only ($70)
* 20v/12v 4a Single Port Charger ($40)
* 20v Hercules 2.5ah Batter ($40)

This is my first Hercules tool and it's made a solid, first impression with me as I adopt the Hercules line of products—hence, the initial cost of the battery/charger; I'll be picking up the 5 ah in the future.  They stack up the drill against the Milwaulkee tool that is $100+ more. ([link](https://www.harborfreight.com/power-tools/drills-drivers/hammer-drills/20v-brushless-cordless-12-in-drilldriver-tool-only-59420.html)).  I look forward to running it through its paces to see if it can beat out my old DeWalt.

## Consumables

* Mask - Dust And Particle  5pc (3x) ($0.87)
* 7 Mil Nitrile Gloves 50pc ($10)
* Foam Disposable Ear Plugs 50pc ($5)

## Moving-Related

* Ties-11in White 100pk ($2) 
* Indoor Led Light Bulb 2pk (2x) ($3)
* 1/4in X 100ft Poly Rope ($4)
* 10in Hook/Loop Cable Ties ($6)

## Misc

* 6in Magnetic Parts Holder ($4)
* 6ft USB To Micro USB Pro ($7.50)
