---
title: "Fightin’ for My Focus, Give the Pain a Purpose"
categories:
- "2023"
---

## These Xeros Are Made for Walking

I was on the fence: though I planned it on paper, did I really want to abandon my Rest day?  I drank my entire stein of iced coffee replete with 15 tbsps of butter for my fat fast day to go along with that 16 oz of my beloved Black Rifle Coffee Company Tactisquatch Roast, put on my headphones and ratched up that audiobook speed on Ullrich's *Hitler: Ascent 1889-1939* (2013).  I headed out.

I intended just to take a mile walk up to the Neighborhood Walmart, take a quick loop inside and head home.  I guess I was amped on that mix of fat and caffeine 'cause I made like Billy Idol and wanted "more, more, more, more."  And thus, I walked beyond Walmart and put in a 5K.  Along the way, I picked up TWO personal records:

1. *Most Steps in a Month*
2. *Most Steps in a Week*

> You can try to defeat me  
You don't know it's the pain that'll feed me  
And I'm gonna take back what you took me for  
'Cause I was born for this  
>  
> -Skillet

Were these hard?   

> Super easy.  Barely an inconvenience.
>
> -Ryan George, *Pitch Meeting*

I reset my Garmin account on February 22.  My old average of 150,000 steps a week is out of (reasonable) reach at this point, so I am not wowed by my performance:

1. Monday: 7,753
2. Tuesday: 13,145
3. Wednesday: 13,685
4. Thursday: 14,041
5. Friday: 15,669
6. Saturday: 17,776
7. Sunday @ 11:30 AM: 10,401 and counting! 

I am on pace to meet a new goal of mine from this past week outlined by Garmin: 91 miles of walking activities by June 30.  It is not just tracking my daily walking, like steps or whatever.  I gotta click my Garmin to fire up the ol' GPS.  Thus far, I am about 30 miles in as April only contributed a couple of miles to the total.

## The Plan: Week 5

I spent a bit of time yesterday working on my workout template.  The resistance has some minor changes, but is more or less the same with the exception of switching out for incline lateral raises and tricep extensions.  No, the big adoption is setting up my cardio before the 5th week starts and having it as a series of targets to hit.  No longer is it the meandering around, sampling the buffet for the day.

Tentatively, I approach the 3 sessions of spin the same as I do with the Couch25K regimen.  It will be a bit of a ramp-up since previously I have only done 10 minutes at a time and this week will be more than double that.

I do not like this plan—OK, it would be more accurate to say I do not like my lack of knowledge.  There is hardly any MMA, rarely a pool reference (pool weather is fickle) and I have not even touched on my mediation game!  Yes, expect a major revision soon. As each week progresses, there has been an evolution of the regimen occurring.  For that matter, I am not a fan of the plan to take the front and back of a page, but want to hone it down to one print job.

I do totally love a hard copy.  It is fun to file away after a week's worth of pen markups.