---
title: "I Can Have My Coke and Drink It, Too."
categories:
- "2023"
---

I thought I had beaten my wrist alarm.  I suppose I had.  I sprung up, immediately checked on the beans I had set up in the crockpot the night before and began to gather my supplies to make my morning butter brew and bake bread.  I felt the tang of tiredness, but at 3AM, is this unusual?  Yes, it was as I suddenly realized.  1:04 AM.  I went back to bed and lay there.  Sleep was not forthcoming.  I could just twiddle my thumbs for the next hour-and-a-half or get to work.  

I made my dough for the day.  As I set it aside to allow it to rise for the next 45 minutes, I continued to listen to my audio selection and got out in the garage with "air" that was so thickly soaked with water you could cut it with a handsaw. 

As the sun set yesterday, I found myself longing for my strength regimen.  Earlier, not once, but twice that day, I was in the pool, so it wasn't just a desire for movement in general; I loved what I was doing for my legs there.  No, missing was just the...*directness* of a resistance program.  I just *feel* good afterward.  And I'm totally on board with increasing bone mass and upping testosterone production.

As that dough slowly expanded, I had some time on my hands.  I could study; I could write; I could—well, I could do pretty much anything in that 45-minute span with another one following just like it.   Well, you can reasonably guess what followed:  I thought I'd run through the new session I planned on Saturday for Tuesday because it is the same for Friday.  And yes, it is a Wednesday today.  

Do you know what I do *not* find inspiring in my resistance workout?  A DM discussion about class alignment and players who do not let it inform the choices for their character.  My question?  What should a Lawful Evil character pack for a summer vacation?  Easy! "Leave the gun, take the cannoli."

I got almost halfway through those 40 and shut things down.  OK, so I was 18 sets in, close to the 20 I used to do.  My first superset was a flys / Arnold press combo for 5x15.  The second superset was a bench press / rear seated lateral raise coupling which ultimately was a 4x15.  

Quite honestly, I just felt green.  Maybe I downed my iced butter coffee too fast?  Maybe I didn't have enough sleep?  I just know I was miserable and couldn't shake it until much later when I had my air-fried New York strip steak.

I never punted on my workout routine.  I just want *more*.  I do not want it to be this shallow thing that's just about looks,  something that is narrow in scope, whether in the context of time or substance.

*I want more.*  It is the message of *The 33rd Expedition: New Coke*.  The following ad was featured in my teaser the other day.  There is something in it that resonates with me.

> There's never been a better change.  There's never been a better Coke.  Introducing the greatest taste discovery in a 100 years.  Introducing the new taste of Coca-Cola.  A taste that is Coke and everything that a Coke means.  A taste that is very familar and yet totally new. A taste so good, so real,  it couldn't be anything but a Coke.  The great new taste of Coke.  Watch for it!  Try it and enjoy the best-tasting Coke ever!
> 
> -[New Coke advertisemt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2MvTa4HTYc)

