---
title: "Bag End"
categories:
- "2023"
---
Stormy weather re-routed my workout this morning.  I did my typical VR warmup, but what to do for my steps?  And miles?  Would I apply the outdoor gusts as a headwind or a tailwind?  I tabled the discussion for another day.  I chose inside. And thus I walked in a tiny 1000 sqft. house, nimbly sliding into unoccupied spaces at suboptimal speeds.  My audiobook was my traveling companion.

And as it would play out, Garmin "indoor track" activity, could not track miles to fulfill that mile-a-day marker.  Still, I'm about 7 miles into 2003 and it's only the 3rd.   It's not a set back as I do need, I need to temper this ramp up of activity.  [I've been red-lining it.](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=B6sWEBIucWk&feature=share)

I need to add beta and gamma days to my alpha schedule.

Speaking of Greek, I did have a successful Koine Greek day...well, it was like a successful first day in the semester Greek day. I had some credit with Udemy, so I basically purchased [the class](https://www.udemy.com/course/learn-new-testament-greek/) for free. However, I did purchase his textbook for $25 from Logos.  It's a good deal overall, because I'm assuming it's the same course that [he offers on Logos](https://www.logos.com/product/190342/mobile-ed-la181-learn-to-use-biblical-greek-in-logos), but with a $399 pricetag.

I began my 3rd audiobook of 250 for 2023:

1. Steven Ambrose - Band of Brothers: E Company, 506th Regiment, 101st Airborne, from Normandy to Hitler's Eagle's Nest
2. Malcolm Gladwell - The Bomber Mafia: A Dream, a Temptation, and the Longest Night of the Second World War
3.  Brian Glazer - A Curious Mind: The Secret to a Bigger Life

Clanging like a metal trash can down a flight of stairs, Facebook is a jarring experience first thing in the morning after I go do my Bible+commentary+book readings for the day. 

And yet, there's a reason I'm there. Even if it remains to be seen.

Bacon is back on the menu!  Today, I've had 6 oz of roasted lamb leg and half-a-package of bacon.  While I'm right where I want to be with the protein around 75 grams of protein, lamb is so lean!  I've got 50 grams of fat to go.  While I've already had my 7 tbsps of butter, I need another 4...so, let's recap:  a pile of bacon and EVEN MORE BUTTER!

Yeah, I'm totally out there...and I'm winning.

Funny how our culture at large still buys into [Ancel Keys](https://carnivoreaurelius.com/ancel-keys/) rhetoric.