---
title: "\"Roll with the Changes:\"  39E Food!"
categories:
- "2024"
---  

I had a [Marvel83' *Alone with You*](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=pgiuVfQHNbY) session last night with LibreOffice Calc that ties the macro targets of my diet into the grocery budget.  And I pulled it off!

What will the weekly template's daily averages look like?

1. **Fat (g)**: 235
2. **Protein (g)**: 70
3. **Sugar (g)** : 1.8

### Sunday & Wednesday (FF) (230/4/0)

* 32 oz of coffee
* 2½ sticks of butter

### Mon & Thu (Salmon) (235/100/1)

* 1 burger patty (2.2)
* 2 eggs
* 2 salmon (4 oz) patties
* 32 oz of coffee
* 2 sticks and another tbsp of butter
* 2 packets of gelatin

### Tuesday & Saturday (normal) (241/91/3)

* 3 burger patties (2.2)
* 5 eggs
* 32 oz of coffee
* 2 sticks of butter
* 2 packets of gelatin

### Friday (Liver) (235/102/5)

* 4 burger patties (2.2)
* 1 liver (3.3 oz)
* 32 oz of coffee
* 2 sticks of butter
* 1 packet of gelatin

On the surface, the only difference from The 38th is the 10 grams of protein bump.  Under the hood, I only had 7 eggs in The 38th; I nearly equal that today with 5.  As the failure of The 38th was low protein, I'll be adding a couple gelatin packets to my coffee to plug an Easy button into the mix.

While I remain unsure, I still feel there's just *something* there at 235 to be mined; I don't want to give up on it just yet.  And I don't really know if having two Fat Focus (FF) days enables me further. I *do* know it gives me mental vigor.  If I go without protein every 2-3 days, I find that when the kids eat Marco's Pizza, I can easily rise above the temptation.  And I suspect the metabolic confusion has somebody at the switches yelling, "Zounds, man! Zounds!" It's funny how I can feel the missing protein and hunger for them on those days—it's like fasting, while on paper it is only a missing 264 kcal.  

But again, **calories are stupid**.  It is a shame that doctors focus on that metric and then prescribe sugary foods—even a diet that's 65% sugar!  Our pancreas is like, "Whoa, Nellie!"  While I use calories as a tool in weighted averages among the macros, my diet would be COMPLETELY different if it was 235 grams of sugar—take your pick for 70 and 1 for fat to fall under, both of which I would literally die on 'cause *surprise*:  you don't need sugar—err, carbohydrates.  You do *absolutely need* polypeptides and triglycerides et al.  

Once upon a time in the cool evening breeze of 1995's autumn after wrestling practice, I drove every evening up to Piggly Wiggly in my old 1979 F-250 pickup.  As I heard fall 1993's *Virtua Fighter* echo from around the corner, I pulled two 32 oz bottles of Powerade out of the cooler.  The first was finished in the walk to my cute friend at the register, the other for the drive home. The combined sugar for that single night is the same amount as ALL that I've had since January 29.  Think about that the next time you look at that plate of broccoli smothered in oxalates, something you'll DEFINITELY rethink the next time a kidney stone rolls into your life.

Funny how they just dress up just ONE of the macros: "It sounds important, I gotta eat it!" Just call it for what it is: sugar.  Ahh, remember the 90s, when fat was evil and sugar was king.  Pass over the Snackwell's.  

Would you expect anything less from this topsy-turvy, exchanging truth for a lie, *1984* world where...

> The Ministry of Truth...was startlingly different from any other object in sight. It was an enormous pyramidal structure of glittering white concrete, soaring up, terrace after terrace, 300 metres into the air. From where Winston stood it was just possible to read, picked out on its white face in elegant lettering, the three slogans of the Party: 
>  
> WAR IS PEACE     
FREEDOM IS SLAVERY     
IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH.      

Extended edition rant tabled, the downside is that my one-meal-a-day approach with protein is too big!  Satiation hits around 80 grams.

I first referenced FF in 35E's January 11's [*This Cowboy*](/2024-01-11-this-cowboy/) and had a series of Expeditions that outperformed their HFC #1 counterpart.  Implementing its twice-a-week feature began in January - March's 36E.  I had a wheelbarrow of wins across that time even in the context of being locked down by those zombies!

And it took me years to stumble across this system of weightloss, but as it has been sung, ["It's not the way I hoped or how I planned...you go and save the best for last."](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=7p3La6O3H8Q)

And here with a sweeping flourish, I shove all of that off my desk:

[I find this beautiful.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kD_UulMeWNg)







