---
title: "My 1993 TI-82: \"If I Could Fly, I'd Pick You Up\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

I don't like eating all day long.  3 meals—really?  What am I, a fish?  Eat just enough.  No thanks, I'm going back to the big ol' meal in the morning.  

It's the psychology of it all.  I argue I eat more when I eat little.  Go big.

I made 3-meal shift as some sort of reaction to whatever bowled me over the other day.  It was just a shot in the dark...

> Out on the streets, I'm stalking the night  
I can hear my heavy breathing...  
...  
But a shot in the dark   
One step away from you  
>  
> -Ozzy Osbourne, [*Shot in the Dark*](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=Mzyz2egx_0c&si=M0AlWPbepbxcI0HJ) (1986)

Today, I finished up what I failed the other day.  It was an extended weedwacker & mower session under the midday Sun.  Since I cut off the lock the other day, I even made a sweep in the land beyond my fence.  Vines now lovingly embrace the forgotten shed.  

My takeaway?  *Plants want to kill me.* 

I finished the tour and stopped at the gift shop to pick up a set of tight lungs and a pair of painful eyes that hurt into the night—oh before I forget: they're handing out FREE headaches. 

But, hey, I didn't fall over...it was hotter and bright.  This time of course, I was doing my best Steve Harrington wearing shades...or was it Billy?   No, no, it was Hopper.  It's always Hopper.  Sure, Hopper in Russia.  The more deft version.

And yet, I was alarmed afterward because I had my first sugar craving in...what is it now...226 days.  I'm about 10 days away from tying my 2nd longest diet streak, too!  

Actually, it wasn't a *true* sugar craving.  I wanted...see, in my early keto days, I loved the carby-carb-carb [Walmart key lime sparkling water](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Clear-American-Sparkling-Water-Key-Lime-33-8-fl-oz/41862625).  How I would delight to binging on *all* the flavors.  In those days, I also ate 8-9 boxes a day of sugar-free Jell-O, too!  

I had to train myself not to seek the taste of sugar 'cause just anticipating sugar flips on the switch for my brain to kick my pancreas awake to fry up some insulin.  And when that happens, we ain't fryin' the fat off.

And these days, just beef liver is a Krispy Kreme doughnut.

I look over my writing tonight and think, "I lead a small life—well, valuable, but small."  I hope it's original.  I don't want to complain for content—it is far too easy to criticize others and be smug in our cushy armchairs.  And we're probably right on point with our assessment.  But look, people need the chance to fail because we're just too stupid to read it in a book—we gotta fail.  I just don't want to be sucked into the vortex of that sinking ship!  Call me Mr. Glass-Half-Empty but I anticipate there's no room on Rose's door for me!

And at the end of the day, this is just a diary entry. A place for me to say...

> For all the things you're losing  
You might as well resign yourself to try and make a change  
And I'm going down to Hollywood  
They're going to make a movie from the things  
That they find crawling 'round my brain 
>  
I wish I was a girl so that you could believe me  
And I could shake this static every time I try to sleep  
I wish for all the world that I could say  
"Hey, Elisabeth, you know I'm doing alright these days"  
>  
> -Counting Crows, [*I Wish I Was a Girl*](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=LQmwZSIYLZg&si=Lf4rA5dNDoW80pjP) (1999)

...just as I have since 1989 in Mr. Shames's 6th grade English class.
