---
title: "\"And All I Could Taste Is This Moment\" in the Reflection of a Sunset"
categories:
- "2024"
---

I am in such a good mood!  I feel vibrant and alive!

I know, I know, this is NOT the stuff of Internet writing...  

It is NOT the stuff of an upswelling torrent on the horizon...  

It is NOT the stuff of a fist-shaking, keyboard rabble-rouser...

Maybe it is from AccuRadio (as I listen to *Everybody Wants to Rule the World*) (1985).  Listening to this channel reminds me of being a kid again at the FM radio (*does my room need to be cleaned?*), knowing generally what the genre is to be played, but each selection being a tiny surprise of a gift.  Now, I wouldn't slide Bon Jovi's *Runaway* (1984) into [***1980s & '90s Lite Hits** Fun & lite adult contemporary hits*](https://www.accuradio.com/channel/4e38561e77d9e74636000029).

While this does make me feel good—I used to think *(Everything I Do) I Do It for You* (1991) was the best song ever as it was being released, music alone isn't the driver. It is not the independent variable; it doesn't make this machine go.

My nutrition has been on point, exceedingly so.  

Perhaps, it centers on the bevy of supplements I've recently referenced... 

Perhaps, it is this dynamic duo of beef liver and sardines...   

Perhaps, it is all the cayenne with its capsaicin goodness...  

1999!  I probably got too giddy there from *I Want It That Way* (1999)—hey, don't judge me, you have your guilty pleasures, too!  Ah, indeed, *These Dreams* (1985).

Three weeks ago today, on a July 8, I began a sardine fast to smash through a weightloss stall—TOTALLY did that by the way.  I did 4 cans a day which involved eating them straight out of the tin.  I wrote how on the 4th day, I threw my hands up.  I thought I was done with those little nutrient-packed fish!  

Curiously, four days ago, last Thursday, I began adding them back, first 1 can, then 2 cans the following days.  I actually prepped them from [the rewards of @199](/fit/#rewards-for-achieving-small-victory-conditions), made 'em spicy, browned them on top of the range, and used bacon fat or butter.  I now look forward to 'em!  NOW that's what I call a transformation!  

I am returning to that sardine fast I set aside.  My plan is to have 4 cans per day, two for breakfast and another set for lunch.  It'll be in that 10-11 oz range.  Last night, I finished prepping 8 ¼ days of worth.  Each day also includes 8 tsp of my recent spice rub, so 4 tsp of cayenne; 1.3 tbsp of butter; and a drizzle of mustard. I'll also be doing my daily couple of sticks of butter in 32 oz of coffee.

I do not know if I will take off 13 lbs for The 40th Expedition on August 18.  I want to skip the 190s altogether to unlock the two-star perks!  A 6.4% drop is on the upper end of my ability, but I did do a 6.2% in 37E.   But it is conceivable at this weight, for following a weightloss stall, I dropped 12.5 lbs (210 to 197.5) in summer '21.  

As far as body composition goes, I now regularly wear my black, 36" *Amazon Slim-Fit Stretch Golf Pants*.  They're great, but totally restrict my kicks!









