---
title: "Phoenix"
categories:
- "2024"
---

It's Wednesday so it's another FF day for me.  This Sun/Wed approach is purely experimental.  The challenging aspect of it is keeping my overall average of protein above 65 grams.  By day's end, it'll likely be around 64 for the 25-day average.  My fat average will be somewhere around 236.  It'll be 2,360 calories *(if that ever mattered)* with a whopping 89.4% of calories coming from fat.  PURE ENERGY.  Technically, I'd punch it over 90% 'cause I converted my engine to burn the fat off this rig!

YEE haw!

I'm looking forward to March 3, when I *should* post a weight that completely skips the 230s.  My money?  227 lbs.  Stay tuned!

Yeah, there's still a war raging within me, but my white blood cells are outflanking the enemy.  Experientially, I've got NO juice at the end of the day as a vaporizer is my campfire.  I really ought to find a flicking orange LED to add to the aesthetics.  It's heavy, but comforting.

That said, I had no problems meeting that 2:30 AM hour.  It was an Abs Day.  As I worked my lower and upper abs along with my obliques, I thought how I *really* want this routine to occur twice a week—I want ALL of it to be twice a week!  At the same time, I like having just three exercises per session and hate to smash Thursday and Friday into Monday and Tuesday.  Perhaps a pull-push approach can better meet my req's?  

So, I began to do the pencil work through what exercises are critical to my goals.  Take for example my DB straight leg dead lifts: it is really there to protect against back dings.  But to add value?  I can achieve similar output with my rows. 

Then there are shrugs.  I mean, *why?*  Yes, it hits the traps but when it's overinflated, it's the telltale sign of a steroid user.  But specifically, I have an issue with the movement: what context would I use it?  I mean, I know stuff, I don't generally shrug my shoulders as I hold milk jugs.  Why do *that*?  And then there's overhead tricep extensions?  Pragmatic application?  And don't get me started on SKULL CRUSHERS!  Honestly, my triceps get hit by virtually everything I do.

The specifics don't matter as much as I want to hit my targets twice a week.  I'm even weighing bumping the reps from 15 to 20 while applying a greater emphasis to martial arts.

All that's to say is that I may be sick, but I feel..."it's time for a new empire."

After my strength session, I met the street and added Briergate, Laurel Creek, Northhampton, and Shade Tree to the tapestry.  I beat out Monday's efforts and posted a 3+ mile walking best with a 19:21 pace for my 4.09-mile walk:

1. 19:30    
2. 19:24    
3. 19:38    
4. 18:59    

At this rate, I'm gonna run out of roads in my 1996 Bartlett.  I'm making plans to walk to my childhood home this weekend.  Ought to be my Garmin distance record.  Maybe I'll have ol' Mr. Bill come out and brush against me...hear the '76 Stingray rumble to life...answer to a bounce of the basketball clarion call.

Yesterday, a 1.7 oz vial of Acqua di Gio arrived, its familiar scent instantly whisking me back to a time before the Star Wars prequels. It's a time capsule in a bottle, conjuring memories of balmy nights with the top down on my Mustang convertible, stars my only guide.