---
title: "\"We Search the Sky, Planets Chasing the Stars\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

On this Jekyll website, I've been running two templates, one independent and the other dependent, ever since I broke away from [Minimal-Mistakes](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/) years ago.  Back then, I whipped something of my own together with the intent of **simplification** in both structure and design.  Even when my CSS gets out of control today, I start reining it in.  There's something remarkable about simplifying one's life, getting rid of the noise.

This time around, the reason why I added the code: **consistency**.  Along with simplicity, consistency is a pillar of life.  The main thrust was to make the landing post titles consistent with a standalone post title, leaving the other pages unaffected by all the funzies.  And I suspect that explanation lands in my top ten of boring sentences on this site!

The difference between the two is marginal—just a font size of 1.7rem that's center aligned vs. 1.5rem to the left.  But, there's just something about getting the **details** right.  I try to carry over these concepts into every area of my life inasmuch as my astigmatism allows it!

I am *glad* I brought back *The Expeditions* after their momentary dismissal.  There has been a lot of history with them:  

* Hiking up the hill on my country piece of land; 
* Shaking my head at Henderson's gym and the Shasta-fueled lollygagging;
* Clinching sweaty handholds on dumbbells in a June garage;
* Treading to Tom Cruise's running;
* Running the long way in a zombie backdrop to Panera;
* Passing just outside my old office at UofM and embracing the night sky;
* Gliding through the past toward the future at BRC;
* Lighting up Bartlett in green.

What's next?  

2024 has been:

> Lonely sidewalks, silent night  
Bring the evening, deep inside    

Will I reach my destination in the rustle of orange and ambered leaves?  I envision Future Me:

> And all the dreamin', is far behind  
You are here now, and everythin's alright  
>  
> Saigon Kick, [*Love Is on the Way*](https://open.spotify.com/track/3F3n2V9XBrtb1omqLfcNPe?si=583ed79c17b249ca) (1992) 