---
title: "The YouTube Feast"
categories:
- "2024"
---

It is another FISH Monday!  3.8 oz salmon followed by 1.7 oz of the ever-delightful, air-fryer-touched prosciutto.  Then, I am following it up with 4.5 oz of burger patties.  I went heavy on the Fat Focus yesterday as I had 3 sticks of butter for the day—I dunno, just felt the need for it. 

I do not enter this week with a general game plan—I know, a failing!  No reading plan, no training regimen...ahh, but, I am content.

I am off Google, of course, but it left behind a rather large content hole regarding YouTube channels.  I could relegate links to browser bookmarks, but that is not the sort of thing I track.  I generally stash a treasure trove of bookmarks away among the dust bunnies.  

Bookmarks are something more useful for an arcane bit of code than a landing page.  I had some 92 channels I had subscribed to, some of which I would watch anything and everything they would put out each week.  

Since I had a need and sincerely hope I would give you something of value, I would link to them all...well, initially.  I had all 90-something linked to [Top 25](/youtube/).  But, it was not optimized.  It is easy to get bewildered as most do not know to name themselves with effective descriptors, something that Phil over at City Planner Plays does so succinctly: is he a city planner playing?  Or does he like playing city planners?  (answer: *both*)  

Also, there is no way to practically consume it all.  So, I whittled it down.  By the sweat of my brow, I knocked it down to my top 50...not good enough.  Got it all the way down to 25—that is more like it!  Lemme tell ya, it was *hard*!   

They sorted themselves into five categories: Builds, Chuckles, Fit, Gaming, and Hero's Journey.  I then ranked them within that category, though it kinda came off like Matt Mitchell's *Bless Your Rank*.  I mean, how would you rank them?  On production value?  Content?  Charisma?  Application?  

I *think* I pegged ranking most of the categories spot on, but with my Builds section, beyond Mark Rober, it is a toss-up.  I am going with 731 Woodworks in the #2 position on Builds because I *just* like [Arkansas-state-trooper-turned-YouTuber](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZ7g7MTc7-Y) Matt Outlaw's ethos.

OK, so we have got all the channels down.  So we gotta click every link daily?  Nah.  I knew early on in the process that was not gonna work.  Static stuff is great for archive purposes, but not for change.  I began thinking about generating feeds for content when I remembered a service I once shelled out a few bucks for, the RSS/Atom client, Feedly.  Works like a champ—even *better* than YouTube itself! Google throws up a smoke screen of recommendations, obscuring the user of updates of their subscriptions.

Naturally, we can extend Feedly's usage further with other content beyond YouTube!  Make it a one-stop shop for feasting!
