---
title: "\"To Feel the Daybreak on My Face\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

Deep into this night, [*'90s One-Hit Wonders*](https://www.accuradio.com/channel/53bee38e0d1140363c0aee1a) ride along with me.  More specifically, Semisonic rings out *Closing Time*, the groove I played to kick folks out at midnight back during my barista gig.  

I feel *young*; I feel *vibrant*.

Is it because it was **the first day back with**...

...a systolic blood pressure above 130?  
...a diet of 200g fat, 70g protein, 1g net carb?  
...something as simple as my iced butter coffee?  

> If you could only see  
How blue her eyes can be   
When she says  
When she says she loves me  
> 
> Tonic, *If You Could Only See* (1996)

I don't know what caused it, but it was the first day back to where my family said I was "me" again.  It was the first night I did not have to steal sleep with my meditation wizardry.

It was delightful!

How it contrasted with the night prior! Back then, I felt as though I stood at the threshold of death, being mindful of my body's location for discovery in the morning. 

And while there remains a series of challenges before me, I am back in this familiar cockpit, flipping the switches and hammering the gauges, thrilled to hear the leveled whine of the jet engine as I rundown my checklist.

## The End of an Era

After a six-year run, a total of 40 iterations, I am ending *The Expeditions*.  For better or for worse, this is a new era for me.  These days, I weigh myself every day for water gains; I've lost the mystique of the past.  These days, my weight is determined more by a cocktail of drugs than by my own planning and iron will.  

In very real terms, after they take a bonesaw to my sternum, I will have little incentive to achieve arm sizes.

Thus, I pulled down my *Fit* page and all the wonderful history therein.  In like fashion, I took down my *Goals*.  Those have been wiped out from me, something I grieved the other day.  There is no path to victory to think I could even run a single 5K in 2024.  

Maybe one day, I can achieve the golden ratio with a scarred-up torso—I dream.  But in these days, the goal is to stay alive.  No longer do I think of October 9, 2044, the day to outlive my dad.  The day to reach is tomorrow.

And on *this* day...I am *ALIVE!*

> Said I was in my early 40's  
With a lot of life before me  
When a moment came that stopped me on a dime  
I spent most of the next days, lookin' at the x-rays  
Talkin' 'bout the options and talkin' 'bout sweet time  
Asked him when it sank in  
**That this might really be the real end**  
**How's it hit ya, when you get that kind of news**  
Man what ya do  
And he says  
>
I went sky divin'  
I went Rocky Mountain climbin'  
I went 2.7 seconds on a bull named Fu Manchu  
And I loved deeper  
And I spoke sweeter  
And I gave forgiveness I've been denying 
> 
> Tim McGraw, *Live Like You Were Dying* (2004)

