---
title: "\"Perish Is a Word That More Than Applies\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

I wonder if I was too hasty to slide *The Expeditions* into my photo album of *Things That Once Were*.  They've been at my side for a while now, over 6 years.  And when I started *The 1st Expedition*, I had NO idea that its end would be The 39th.  I already miss that ol' graph, dreaming of future days...  

Yesterday afternoon I wrote,

> My weightloss story ends here—at least of that 336-lb, near 49 BMI, fat guy.  He's gone.  I've lost 135+ lbs with under 40 remaining to go.  I have no cravings; binge-lust has no hold.  I have attained my boon.  What I received no low-calorie diet *could* ever give.

The thing is, my weightloss story *isn't* over yet!  Yes, I got down to 182 in 2021, but I do not know what it's like in the modern era to go beneath even that.  I guess it's been since 1997?  It was way back when I went to see *Titanic* for a second time by myself at Wolfchase, just for the love story, and left the theater before the ship hits the iceberg.  

I've steadily lost weight, but I haven't flexed my maintenance.  I *gotta* write that into my story.  And this time around, I haven't had the chance to show how HFC responds to being stalled out.  Hasn't happened yet, but I did a rare preview weigh-in the other night (I want that 200) and the official weigh-in may not be a *ThunderCats* / *He-Man* kind of day!  

And lest I forget, if I don't continue to tell this story, there's a good chance this final countdown to weightloss will perish.  And I shouldn't so casually shelve these Expeditions, "How can I show you I'm glad I got to know you?"  We regale in tale, don't we?  That's common to us before we got too big for our britches in the 20th century.

Fast-forward three months from now; will I find myself here:

"...And wonders what might have been."

What do I do *now*?  The song continues:

> It's funny how life turns out  
The odds of faith in the face of doubt  
Camera one closes in  
The soundtrack starts  
The scene begins  
>  
> Josh Joplin, [*Camera One*](https://open.spotify.com/track/5MSogG8rabkQWSRNXCN29H?si=9083734966ad4b22) (2001)

Thus, I am bringing everything back, *The Expeditions*, the *Fit* page, and even the *New Year's Resolutions*.  I really ought to see those things to the end and see what makes it through the fire:

> There's a feeling that I can't ignore  
Like a stranger at my door  
So revealing that I cannot hide  
When you settle up the score  
Voices say, night and day  
Live your life as if each second  
Was the final one  
Through the fire  
To the wire  
>  
> Larry Greene, [*Through the Fire*](https://open.spotify.com/track/6xdAWJnUp8xTBaczUO8sLx?si=9be4f0fb3d7f4ccf) (1986)










