---
title: "\"These Five Words I Swear to You:\" \"Now, Don&apos;t Dream It&apos;s Over\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

Usually, I'll listen to music as I write.  Occasionally, it'll inspire me thematically to interweave them into a blog post.  Today was different. This time around, I had already wanted to combine two songs for the title.  Unsure about the second selection and its fit, I turned toward Spotify.  I THEN saw it generate before me those very same two songs within the first 5 songs in *Daily Mix 4.* That settles it: I'm riding with [Bon Jovi](https://open.spotify.com/track/07HqIg8BnB1lJElnw2ZiSR) and [Crowded House](https://open.spotify.com/track/7G7tgVYORlDuVprcYHuFJh).

Last night, I watched a YouTube stream that features both Dr. Ken Berry and my favorite, Kelly Hogan: [*ANIMAL FAT MAKES WOMAN LOSE WEIGHT with Kelly Hogan*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbXO3MaHnIU)

From the show notes:

> Kelly Hogan struggled with weight her entire life. At age 25, she suffered from frequent boils and cellulitis, weighed 262 pounds, and was at a loss of what more to do. Her family physician saved her life by telling her to avoid carbs and to eat meat. She lost 130 pounds, was able to conceive and deliver three children. Her mission for the past 14 years has been to share the same message that was shared with her by her doctor and to offer hope to those that suffer from inflammation, sugar addiction, obesity, and diet-related illnesses.  
>  
> [Kelly’s Coaching Groups: https://myzerocarblife.com/](https://myzerocarblife.com/)  
[YouTube Channel:     / @myzerocarblife](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaKl8Lth6h6GWreFyeO1keA)  
[Kelly’s Instagram:    / kelly_hogan91](https://www.instagram.com/kelly_hogan91/)    

The YouTube stream is a refreshing dialog; Kelly brings a lot of joy to this world.  It's so...*weird* that she does because there's just *so* many hatemongers in the world, people who tear down and clamor toward the top...who fling gravel behind onto people below them in this foolish climb.  I absolutely *love* her approach of "Hey, this worked for me; see if it works for you; keep doing whatever if it's working for you."  <mark>And despite 14 years on a carnivore diet with a 5'9 133-lb frame, she continues to seek what she can do to experiment and improve her diet.</mark> That's INTJ level stuff! 

As I write this, Kelly released this rubber-meets-the-road video:

[*Fat-fasts, Lean Days, Bone broth, and Carnivore tricks that give RESULTS*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQzX8VkfQDo)

(I bet her ears were burnin' a plenty with me talkin' about her!)

I've done my share of fat fasts, as my Fat Focus days were twice a week.  I find Kelly's application of every other day for 12 weeks to be intriguing, though that would be a spirit-challenging achievement!  She lifted during that same span to gain muscle as her body fat numbers dropped.

Simply remarkable.

As for me, my new approach toward sardines totally works for...I'M NOT SENSORY WRECKED.  Win?  That 3 or 4 day sardine fast where I ate four sardine cans a day could have been sustained further even six weeks with how I approach them now.  

See, I throw a can in a Ziploc bag, toss in a tbsp of bacon fat, dump in a tsp of my 1:1:2 black pepper, salt, cayenne mix, and then just a packet's worth of mustard.  Shred it up, let it hang out in the fridge for 1-2 days, and then throw it on a skillet for a few minutes.

That sort of preparation has enabled me to add another can to my day!

But, I find that I'm drifting away from what I've done since October—I'm a little nervous.  Yes, now there's the black pepper and cayenne reward for hitting the 199 mark; I'm not a purist anymore (as if I ever was with this coffee).  There is a lot of little things that I hope won't build up into a monster. 

Still, there's another:  I use Cronometer's access to NCCDB ([Nutrition Coordinating Center](https://www.ncc.umn.edu/)) and in doing so, I find the beef liver I eat each day gives me a whopping 8-10 carbs a day compared with the 0.8-1.6 daily average I've had for all of these months.  Not all databases jack it up so high.

Today is also my first full day of supplements:

* Iodine (~300 mcg)   
* Potassium (2000 mg) via a tsp of NoSalt  
* Cayenne extract (1600 mg) + cayenne powder (1.5 tsp)    
* Ginko biloba extract (400 mg)   
* Turmeric curcumin extract (1000 mg)  
* Caffiene (400 mg) via 32 oz of coffee

Lastly, I finalized the rewards to my small victory conditions.  There's some special elements that I didn't reference in that recent post.  On my Fit page, I list these:

**Rewards for Achieving Small Victory Conditions**

1. ★ **@199 lbs** (2005 & 2021)
    * Black pepper 
    * Cayenne
    * Mustard
    * **To do:** Develop my own spice mix base.

2. ★★ **@189 lbs** (2021)
    * All pepper powders
    * Vinegars
    * Green/white teas
    * **To do:** Develop my own hot sauce base.

3. ★★★ **@179 lbs** (1997)
    * All seasonings 
    * Flavored water
    * Black/oolong teas
    * **To do:** Augment my spice mixes and hot sauces.

4. ★★★★ **@169 lbs** (1996)
    * Limited heavy whipping cream
    * Limited cheese
    * Herbal teas
    * **To do:** Develop my own jerky.

5. ★★★★★ **@163 lbs** (1995)
    * ***Something from 1995's 163:***  
    *Raise a Snapple Zero Sugar Peach Tea to celebrate life at 17.  Cherish the memories of that world and honor the people whose presence remains in my heart.*
    * **To do:** Tell [December '03](/2003-12-05-developing-milestones/): "We did it!"

