---
title: "Streaming Near You"
categories:
- "2024"
---

> Everything is clear in the rear view mirror  
The coast highway and the golden hour  
Only love  
Nothing was lost  
>  
> -The Midnight, [*Memories*](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=USNFrnSQEfU&si=XUko10VCvnAvfXOP)

I began watching *Drive* in South Korea...

...landed in London to catch an opening sequence of *The IT Crowd*...

...flew across the world to Australia ever so briefly to test drive *Ford v Ferrari*...

...and I closed my laptop lid and rolled over.  My NetFlix and NordVPN safari was over.  All I really wanted to do was watch *Ocean's Thirteen* for the umpteenth time, its OST the soundtrack to my Fall 2011 - Summer 2012.

The *Ocean's* trilogy is a set of movies this INTJ naturally gravitates toward.  Plus, it has Matt Damon, albeit a Linus and not a Jason (though there is a wink to the audience).

Perhaps it was ingrained in me as a kid on Friday nights in 1986.  This Billy would munch away on little TV trays that featured a 1983 GMC Vandura, a 1969 Dodge Charger, or a 1982 Pontiac Trans AM.  What were the words that reverberated throughout my life?

"I love it when a plan comes together."

Day #183 is coming up, the halfway point for this leap year. For ease of significance, we'll call Mid Year's Eve on June 30...

*(Second Christmas is June 24, which I'd argue is at least closer to spring lambing for historical accuracy.  But, I gotta admit, I am drawn to the Norse ambience.)*

...making it a good point to consider if the original set of Resolutions remains valid and what can we do to shore them up.  There are now variables to be considered that were not in the environment back on December 31.  

And thus, we whip out Freeplane to conjure a mindmap.

The parts that make me laugh include "...with a heavy emphasis on symbolic belt buckles" and  "...complete with a relevant t-shirt and/or memento for each event."  Around the turn of the year, I was really big into those Ebenezer stones in my life. 

It is time for me to review the status of my deliverables, take a weedwacker to the scope creep, and consider what updates are required.