---
title: "The 40th Expedition: the Metabolism Roar"
categories:
- "2024"
---

As I drive by milemarker 46 into 47, I embrace my Wild Bill spirit in [my steel stallion of thunder](/diary/poetry/the-drive/).  The 40th Expedition will be dominated by...

...SARDINES!  Yep, you read that correctly. Sardines.

I am in the process of applying it, but I am sliding my chips out on the table and going all in:

**Mondays - Saturdays**

* **Breakfast**: Sardines (two cans)
* **Coffee**: Coffee & Butter (2 sticks)
* **Lunch**: Sardines (two cans)

**Fat Focus Sundays**

Coffee & Butter (20 tbsp)

## Why?

Still reeling from yesterday's weigh-in letdown, I watched another Kelly Hogan video, this time with Annette Bosworth, M.D., [*Advice Beyond "Go Carnivore" - DETAILS for fat loss*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bAzgYR2VXxw).  Watch it, you'll be glad you did.

First impression: Dr. Boz was vacationing in Sitka, Alaska, a place where I know a thing or two about its bald eagles!  She was wearing thick gloves and a leather jacket, again, a high of 50-60s ℉ feature that I sorely miss in Memphis!

In the video, they made a few arguments toward a 3-day sardine fast.  Of course, you know that I possess the capability to go on a 4+26 day water fast, and if it wasn't being greeted by lemongrass tofu on touchdown...

...OK, so I was left out on the curb in a Memphis August afternoon, dreadfully contrasting with a Czech summer.  Today's July 8 in Plzeň: 77°/54°; today in Memphis: 92°/ 70°.  I probably had no business being tempted by Vietnamese cuisine back then!  Oven heat outdoors and fried tofu?  C'mon.  Even if I hadn't eaten in weeks.

It's funny: I turned 29 in Dublin, Ireland.  Then I became 34 in Plzeň.

Ah, I am distracted...my heart is a wellspring of adventure as it was in those older times...  

Sardines scare me.  I recall watching a 6th-grade classmate eating a can for show-and-tell.  Man, that was one *weird* kid!  And my wife can take to 'em like I do toward salted pistachios in the shell!  

I am doing it today because it does intimidate me!  But, I am doing it more because I no longer view food as a bridge of pleasure, but a bridge to tomorrow.

So, is it all that intimidating?   No, I have a pelt on my chest!  A solid 2% of my blood is Viking!  I am in the 99th percentile for Neanderthal DNA—I got this!

I said to myself: 

> I can do 3 days.  Wait, why just three?  I can do *more*.    
>  
If this is the sort of thing that can turn things around, well, I *am* on Day 1 of the 40th, on the precipice of counting off 46 years on this planet.    
>  
> Let's take a leap into the dark abyss! 

Thus, I made the move.  I've got 26 days' worth of sardines packed in water in the cupboards.  I *REALLY* do *NOT* want olive oil, but ya gotta have fat, so I'm taking the advice of adding fat to it...or at least the same time frame.  No reason to prolong the workout!  

I made a batch of ghee from my old recipe in [*Be Beef in a Ghee Gi to Modify Spotify and Cook Facebook*](/2023-02-01-be-beef/), even adding my dance to *Get Down Tonight!*

Ultimately, I hope this sardine reboot will rid me of all the wonkiness that has plagued me this year.  I suspect inflammation is robbing my victories on the scale.  I only lost ¼" inch around my waist in The 39th Expedition. 

Let's just see what happens come August 18.  We're reaching ["Simply the Best"](https://open.spotify.com/track/4OeFQtRyT7vsLnRTv7t8YT?si=3c328e9f5ade4e3d) territory...  