---
title: "Fever"
categories:
- "2024"
---

Yesterday, my body revved up the thermastat wide open as it continues to provide a stalwart defense.  

Today before daybreak, I earned a *cascade* of Garmin badges:

1. **30-Day Goal Getter** - *Hit your daily steps goal 30 days in a row.*
2. **10K a Day Challenge** - *Get 10,000 steps a day for 30 consecutive days.*
3. **Hydration Streak** - *Track at least 64 oz. of water intake daily for 30 consecutive days.*
4. **30 for 30** - *Record an activity of at least 30 minutes every day for 30 consecutive days.*
5. **Walk Streak** - *Walk 1 mile in a single activity every day for 30 consecutive days.*
6. **Deep Breathing** - *Record 1 breathwork activity.*

I didn't have it in me to press for today's new training regimen.  Quitely honestly, it hasn't been completely mapped.  I do know I want to do the following three times a week (MWF) at a 5x20 implementation:

* Arnold press
* DB bench press
* DB incline row
* Corkscrews                    
* Upper circle crunches                 

Some time ago, I wrote how I thought of how I wanted three roles out of my training, a martial artist, a lean bodybuilder, and a runner.  In two of those, I have invested a significant amount of time.  On the martial arts side, it largely has been a quick checkbox.  I'd like to change that.  Also, I want it to involve my DnD dice.

While it is not specifically a part of any of those, I'd like to return to my meditation & breathwork.  I did 10 minutes of square breathing this morning though I'm unsure how everything can work together for a seamless morning.

Speaking of this morning, while I did not lift, I did face a 26℉ walk.  I only put in 3.9 miles to open up the opportunity for my wife to head up to the gym.  The pace wasn't great at 20:57, but it's a couple of minutes faster than yesterday's zombie stroll.