---
title: "Fire"
categories:
- "2024"
---

When I sat up in bed at 2:30 AM this morning, a thought crept to strike at the forefront, "I may not have it today."  Both my feet were aching, a take-home prize of trouncing my Garmin step record on Sunday.  

There is also the greater context of my immune system taking up arms to wage a war against the invaders.  There's a bit of an upheaval in the conflict as we needed additional resources in the battle—from my perspective, it made me *really* tired so at 4 PM yesterday.  So much that my mind would drift!  

Oh, I shook my fist at that dang ol' circadian rhythm...and I neither could fault the smooth voice of [City Planner Plays](https://www.youtube.com/@CityPlannerPlays) nor the Tolkien lore of [In Deep Geek](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suB7Sw6YB48&list=PLVTclEEyY1SKFumpT86h-y6jikkEUKIAH).  No, a lava flow of burning mucous let me know the war raged on.

Thus, this is the pit I pulled up and out of as my feet landed on today's beach.  Yes, I felt miserable, but *knew* not to fall to the sultry temptation to yield.  As the themes to *The Avengers* and *M:i-2* played followed by *Creatures of the Night*, this werewolf stretched his arms out wide and howled to the moon.  Faintly echoing in the night air, a 90s arcade cabinet bellowed, "Test your might."  

And yet, after my Chest/TKD segment, I felt *tired*.  I *never* feel that way after my resistance—a good *weak*, but not fatigued.

Nevertheless, I headed out into the night.

When my feet hit the street, this theme of The 36th Expedition came on...

> There is no time to waste  
I've got that lightnin' inside me  
**This is how legends are made** 
>  
> -Sam Tinnesz, *Legends Are Made*

Changing the proportions of our bodies requires one thing.  There's not a pill that we can take.  A doctor cannot hand it to us.  No, the only thing is the sheer force of our will.  That's it.  We gotta dig deep. 

I splashed a little more paint onto the map of Barlett, specifically Barwick and the non-Starbucks Star Valley.  I then made a return to Sleepy Hollow, a park that is becoming a favorite, especially with the light fog adding to the atmospheric ambiance.  Unlike my treks in Williams, Sitka, and Anchorage, traversing through Bartlett can come off a bit like the monotony of a treadmill, so when something breaks up the edged yard and brick-walled veneer it is invigorating.

I had this in my headphones as I championed between the street lamps in my soliloquy of "rage, rage against the dying of the light."

