---
title: "Nautica"
categories:
- "2024"
---

Laden with the final spritz of a Christmas 2020 discounted Nautica, I celebrate the month that was January 2024: 

* Broke my 2nd and 3rd-time all-time records for steps in a day since 2013;
* Achieved 556,898 steps for the month;
* Hit 10,944 daily step goal 28 out of 31 attempts;
* Walked more than 108 miles in cardio sessions, besting December's 72 and May's 41;
* Lifted 22 days.

*"The singularity is here."*

Naturally, all of this is fueled by my high-fat carnivore dietary maximization.  Now day 12 into The 36th Expedition with the the new fat focus approach for Wednesdays and Sundays, my average overall is: 

**36E:** 236.5 / 63, or 2,380 kcal

While I don't really work out the math before I eat—I just want to make sure I'm north of 200 and not TOO far past 75, while not eating any eggs/meat on my FF days, but just butter and broth, I *try* to listen to me, what do I need to do for my body?  That said, it amuses me how it compares with The 35E, when I lost 5.88% weight:

**35E:** 228.9/75.6, or 2,362.5 kcal (no FF)

18 calories difference?  I couldn't have planned that!  

I feel really good and positive.  My shape continues to transform and become more defined in the mirror.  I will have a double-digit weightloss come March 3rd.  Thus far, I have the expectation to be sub-200 lbs by my birthday. And mathematically, it is feasible I'll smash a LONG time goal, my high school weight (163) in December.  That said, I haven't pushed beyond 5 HFC Expeditions in a row (cue [*Destination Unknown*](https://open.spotify.com/track/1CuO4jLfuEggtIvomrqkC4)).  But, I will.  Watch me.

Now someone who has been besting me in 2024 with her 2,500 calories a day is the ever-encouraging Kelly Hogan (around the 15:14 mark):

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vwjck0FeICY)