---
title: "Beyond 200 Days: \"We&apos;ve All Been Playin&apos; the Beta
Now, It&apos;s All New Again\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

Lately, I've had not just one song, but an ENTIRE earworm playlist in my head:  

1. Level 42 - *Something About You*
2. Viva La Dirt League / The Wanted - *Chasing the Swarm / Chasing the Sun*
3. Dan Hartman - *I Can Dream About You* (just the verses)

It's not really so bad—it's not like I've got *My Bologna* jammed up in there.

I have now passed 200 days on my second stint of a High-fat Carnivore diet.  I believe I have figured out and simplified my approach:

* **1 Meal:** ~10 oz. of meat
* **Fat Focus (No Protein):** 2 days per week
* **Butter:** 2 sticks
* **Coffee**: 4 cups

Beating HFC #1 is only 38 days away!  And as far as breaking my regular carnivore streak, \*ahem\*, it's just 438 days away.  And then to surpass my daily dieting streak of my life, ehhhh...we can celebrate that in November '25.

Of course, all of these scores are listed on [Daily Streak High Scores](/fit/#daily-streak-high-scores)

It is a minor thing.  It has been years since that 86-day streak mattered, the product of Expedtions 1-3.

Then again, I consider how I really ought to do away with tracking it for I am not on a conventional diet.  You know the kind: cut back on calories, have super resolve, and then in a moment of emotional weakness, shatter the whole thing to only maybe pick up the heavy backpack the next day—IF you are lucky.  My early streaks were just that.

Who wants to do *that*?  But that's what they tell us, don't they?

In contrast, what I am doing now is what I will be still doing after I hit goal weight / achieve homeostasis.  Anybody can drop weight, but what ya do afterward is key.  I must ask: 

"*Why* do it afterward?"  

Take it to the lab and tinker around to see what works TODAY.  Break things and fail forward.  Create something that has long-term capability. Believe me: a 12-week 70-lb drop is a one-way ride to Taco Town.

Live **today**.  Be **ALIVE**.

> I'm better  
So much better now  
I use my micro and macro  
Together now  
>  
> -Viva La Dirt League, [*Chasing the Swarm*](https://vivaladirtleague.bandcamp.com/track/chasing-the-swarm)
