---
title: "1,012 Nights"
categories:
- "2024"
---

## Fitness

Physically, there have been no changes.  I don't track my HR with my Garmin anymore, so I'm *"absolutely sure"* that resolved itself!

My body remains numb as it has and fatigue continues to perplex me.  This morning, I carried a 50lb dumbbell in each hand across the house; afterward, it was coming in from a long run from a 1995 autumn.  On the other hand while wearing all black with long sleeves, I threw an Aerobie around the park with the kiddos yesterday and outlasted most of them.

But, I don't envision matching my last walk anytime soon, that 8.3 miler—honestly, I've been itching to get back into my morning lifting! 

## Online Kung Fu

Referenced in my last post, I did go with NordVPN.  Specifically, I went with its complete package via a coupon associated with Pierogi.  It includes a high-speed VPN and 1 TB end-to-end encryption.  A password manager is available, though I'm satisfied with Bitwarden for now.  I like its VPN service for Xfinity remains my bottleneck for connectivity.

I'm on the verge of leaving Google.  My new email is already live. The encrypting/uploading migration sequence to NordVPN is nearly over.  I've already converted my Google Sheet and Doc files.  I do need to add my calendar content into Tuta, though I am considering on just running a spreadsheet;  calendar loops tend to obfuscate outliers.  I may install a new open source OS on my phone since Samsung ended its support for its S10+ a year ago. 

## Other Things

I've re-added the ἁγιασμός section as a quick reference for my own interests.  I also added my own soundtrack section with the Expedition playlists linking to Spotify since without YouTube Music, Spotify is heavily-favored as its replacement.

Strung end-to-end, I've now enjoyed a total of 1,012 days of carnivore eating:

* **637 days**: My first stint in carnivore before THAT knee injury made me seek Little Debbie for comfort me in August 2022  

* **237 days**: My second carnivore streak that was struck down by existential malaise in 2023  

* **138 days...and Counting:** OK, I started this post on day 137, but...chess called!

