---
title: "Hard"
categories:
- "2024"
---

I got my Garmin's battery down to 5% today!  While it lacks today's modern conveniences as it comes from the *before* times, its 2017-03-29 release must have ripped out and inserted the innards of the Energizer Bunny.

Encompassing all 2 hours and 40 minutes of [*The 16th Expedition: 20⚡25*](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/6aNCyUS1ZgFnYdMdleTCH7) playlist plus a featured song from summer 2023, today's workout was *outstanding*.  I reference that fall 2020 playlist because of my flys.  This morning, I chose to NOT modify the weights to my setlist for my dinged-for-a-couple-of-weeks forearm, but go with what is typed up.  

I was regretting going big and was going to change during my flys when [this song](https://open.spotify.com/track/1gij27s31tFKcTHa8f1u4g?si=6005121b56b5431c) came on.  "Nope, I am not changing a THING!"  I even chose to ramp up the weight for next week for my incline DB press and close-grip press!  

I love that playlist—it's my favorite for lifting weights and smashing the bag.  While I took it for my 5-mile walk, I think I may prefer [*The 35th Expedition: The Call of the Wild*](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7nnYWauCAIfqNUkc38qqBN) for striding—though it's *far* too early to say that sort of thing!

All of this recent conditioning has been great to apply...YARD WORK.  Yeah, it was the BEST temperature outside, 63℉, and I wanted to try out my new trimmer line for my weedwhacker.  And as a portal to the upside down opened up next to my pool shed, it was time to start whacking. 

So I did.  All 10-11 feet of the line.  Added another segment.  Then I ran out of battery power, so I popped another in.  From time to time, my forearm was like, "Hey, remember me?"  "Nope."  Finally, my right hand, which held the trigger-safety combo the whole time, caused my inner Scotty to exclaim, "I don't know how much longer I can hold her together!"

Still, I *really* like the upgrades to my stamina. I'm on the threshold of 20,000 steps for today, something that is becoming ordinary for me, whereas before December, only happened ONCE (May 5).