---
title: "Zombie"
categories:
- "2024"
---

## Fatigue

I may have been bit by a zombie.  I haven't been this sick since March 2020.  The thing is, I remain not congested at all!  I don't cough excessively, either.  I just know I'm not *right*.  Extreme fatigue has slapped me silly this morning.

I did my Arms workout, the last one I'll do this year as I'm reconfiguring everything.  I did everything else like normal too, though in an absent-minded manner.  There was none of that *Eye of the Tiger* focus.  I slid a pair of overly tight socks onto my BioFreezed, swollen feet and headed out for my 4:15 AM walk.  I tallied 3.7 miles at the slowest pace since things kicked off in December.  Even at its end, I was dragging my feet; it took willpower just to stand in the shower *(and I felt nauseated)*. 

## 27

You'd think I'd feel defeated, but no, today is important.  You see, I've adopted as goals a couple of Garmin badges, a 30-day streak of hitting my daily step goal and a 60 one.  At 26 days, I nearly had the first leg earlier this year before dinging my little toe on my weight bench.  Today is...Day 27.

## YouTube Premium

While I thought I was gonna run with it all year, I've dismissed my Spotify account.  It just wasn't the right fit.  Its song suggestions have become increasingly lazy for when I look for a generated playlist based on a theme, it suggests music that is already in my rotation!  "Dude, I suggested that song to you!"  And its attention to detail in its curated playlists has always bugged me, whether music in the wrong decade for a decade playlist or like the other day, finding John Michael Montgomery's *I Swear* in the country covers playlist.  

The biggest factor in my decision was the expiration of my YouTube Premium membership.  Who knew I'd be swayed *that* much by the sudden emergence of ads?  YouTube is the main source of entertainment in my family.  Long gone are those magic numbers from my childhood of 3, 5, 10, 13, 24, and 30.

An annual subscription of YouTube Premium is the same as a year's worth of Spotify.  Thus, I get the music just the same and I don't get the ads.  Plus, they unbreak playing videos with my phone's screen turned off, so I can listen to content where the picture isn't as important, like this morning "watching" these guys that I love:

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fEt4yUMG8A)

Gotta admit, I was ecstatic that Greg the garlic merchant used Ryan George's catch phrase, "Super easy.  Barely an inconvenience."