---
title: "My Heart&apos;s on Fire for I&apos;m Hungry Like a Wolf— It&apos;s the Summer of &apos;99!"
categories:
- "2024"
---

I pour over my mindmap for the year.  I feel good about hitting NYR24's marks—well, moonshots aside!  I don't even know if it's physically reasonable to pick up the 31" jeans! 

I'm curious as to where this 200+/75/~0 HFC and two-day/week Fat Focus approach will take me; where will it *just stop?*  This train is so consistent at weightloss—the idea of a plateau is laughable!  Since 2018, I've hacked my body to crack the code on weightloss.

It is *so easy*:  **of the 3 macros, DON'T EAT SUGAR!**  Eat enough protein, but once attuned, pay attention to comfortable satiety.  In the beginning, be like a new vampire in *Twilight*: go after all the meats voraciously; your body needs the nutrition!   

The *critical* mental shift: fat is fuel.

Plants just don't have bioavailable nutrition like meat and they are all jam-packed with sugar:  

>Sure, I'll have a serving of green beans—the half tablespoon of sugar, please.  Oh, what the H E double hockey sticks: throw in a serving of broccoli and make it a WHOLE tablespoon of sugar.  Ooh, what do I see, that double tablespooner over there looking at me—how 'bout them apples?!

Something I just kicked off again the past couple of days is intermittent ~~fasting~~ eating. *(I hate that name.  While it provides a context, it irritates my past fasting sensibilities.)*  I try to cap my iced butter coffee at noon to give my body to detoxify it *(lately, I trip over at achieving this)*, but I've been hitting my food consumption in a 4-hour window.  

For example, yesterday:  I ate bacon (2.4 oz), ground beef (3.2 oz), and my weekly beef liver (3.3 oz) in the same breakfast hour.  That gives my body plenty of time to digest things and hopefully free up some energy for extra repairs at night.

In doing this, yesterday, I had no energy dropoff and performed vigorous yard work in the afternoon.  In My Carb Life past, I'd have to follow up that yardwork with some sugar reload—use the work as an excuse to stuff myself with tacos, drink a 2L of Coke, and a hoard of ice cream.

I will be lifting this week on a MWF schedule of a 5-set regimen I had planned to implement, but got sick before I could:

* Incline Rows: 15×
* DB Bench Press: 15×
* Arnold Press: 15×
* Corkscrews: 10↔ 
* Upper Circle Crunches: 10↔ 

*(Some sort of walking/running build-up afterward?)*

What I don't know is how I want to shape Tuesdays and Thursdays.
