---
title: "Because the Night: Party Like It&apos;s 2021"
categories:
- "2024"
---

In a now rare, but once commonplace hour, I begin writing this at 3 AM.  This is not the moment where I will take up my dumbbells to fight again.  Nor is it one in which my green headlamps will "rage, rage against the dying of the light."

Am I off track?  Is there a cascade of a Twinkies waterfall in my life; am I sliding down a hillside of Blue Bell's Cookies 'n Cream?

120+ lbs pounds ago—*those* days I once knew.  But the clothes don't fit; I just came out of my fat focus day, a leaner diet than I'd like with two sticks of butter with 32 oz of iced coffee.  And I return this morning with protein, specifically from a 3.3 oz salmon fillet.

I had so much passion on the workout angle in those December, January, and February months.  I *miss* those days.  You might say, "Golly, Bill, that was just the other day.  Go take 'em back!"  And in response, I take a big breath to unload and..."You're absolutely right."

Unfortunately, the context that shut things down mid-February hasn't lifted.  But, change is on the horizon.  And yet, as much as poses in the mirror will whittle my future days with delight, I want *more*. 

Today, I'm rolling back a declaration—OK, a handful, but my returning to Google and Garmin is immaterial—**I will be wearing shorts in 2024.** Yes, I've held off—didn't own nary a one!  My thoughts remain, yes, men look goofy wearing shorts.  They have names like Todd.  

So why the change?   

Training level up!  Specifically, I'm bringing back what I wore when I ran on the UofM pedestrian bridge to Panera Bread and past the Oak Court Mall in 2021: Sanabul combat shorts and sandals.  I picked up apparel with a purple accent and another with neon green.  As to the footwear, I got the same pair from 2021, my beloved Xero Z-Trail EV.  Three years later, I still love my current pair, though the velcro is no longer reliable and a segment of the tread is on the way breaking away.  Best shoe I've owned in my life.

But, it's like that Apollo Creed quotation from *Rocky III*:

> Now, when we fought, you had that eye of the tiger, man; the edge! And now you gotta get it back, and the way to get it back is to go back to the beginning.

*That's* what I'm doing.  It's 2018 again...   
...2019 again...  
...2020 again...    
...and in 2021, I was on the cusp of something special.

Now, <179 lbs is still a bit in the future with a projection to the 2nd half of August.  In the meantime, I'm fighting to get my stamina and sensitivity back.

As to the *more*...stay tuned...