---
title: '"If That&apos;s What It&apos;s All About"'
categories:
- "2024"
---

My body has done a fantastic job with its repairs.  There's just a slight numbness remaining in my core, arms, and legs with an ever slight tingling to my fingertips.  I now fully experience the...passions of a dropped ice cube on my big toe now!  And that poison ivy—boy howdy!  My heart beats more like—well, the drum riff from *In the Air Tonight* comes into mind rather than some garage cover band of Journey. 

As to my stamina—well, gone are those days when I had to sit down after standing for 5 minutes.  I can hang out on a ladder for a good while!  I suspect I'm still sensitive to postural hypotension otherwise known as *That Starry-Eyed Thing That Would Happen in the Great Water Fast of December 2006 When I’d Stand and Pick up a Massive LaserJet Network Printer at the Grand Canyon Railway*—you know the one.

My intent is that this will be my last post about all that nonsense.  My body has successfully repelled the zombie invasion, the greatest sickness I have ever known.  That said, though from an acute perspective *(or "a cute" 'cause I was hot in that era of 99-2001)*, that particular honor goes to *THAT* Y2K bug, strep throat, back as a Kraft MIS intern.  It swung over and shut down my hearing which I hear is bad, but I couldn't hear.  I just knew I couldn't do tech support if I couldn't listen to my users.

Now from this point, as the year progresses, the more convinced I am it is a 2020 play: 

* Focus on personal growth. Be *ravenous* for more. 
* Ignore the world as it burns in an election year.
* Catch up with folks at its end, Armistice Station.  
* Open up the *secret* envelope!
