---
title: 'Spring @34 Again: "We Have a Greed, With Which We Have Agreed"'
categories:
- "2024"
---

## The Archies - *Sugar, Sugar*

I have not tracked carbs.  Oh, I have been wary of them and in general, my approach has been zero carbs, but I have never applied a data field for them.  

I decided to end that today.  

I scoured the entire 37th Expedition discovering that for the past 31 days I ate a total of...57 carbs.  

That is actually a bit higher than what I have done because I went through the [historical data of the table since 29E](/golden-ratio/#intake) and saw *most* of them average around 1 per day.  But, it was elevated for 30E and current because of that nature's vitamin, beef liver.  

I was hoping the addition of the overall carbs would not stray too far from the fat kcal % message and it does not.  For 36E, you are talking about grams of 221 + 68 + 0.8.  Or a calories of 1989 + 272 + 3.2.  

3 calories a day from carbs!  

And thus, you can see why I never felt the need to address it.  Still, there is potential for a wallop: earlier this Expedition I ate 7.6 oz of liver.  That added 11 grams of carbs for a single day, putting me at 1.8 grams a day.  Or, just over 7 calories!  I think we're gonna make it.

## "Watchin' Some Good Friends Screamin' '...Let's Kick It!'"

For all the bravado of yesterday, I had nothing today.  But there is a lot on my mind...though it is as it ever was, something that comes in handy as I broke down the rules to *War of the Rings* with my son in creating a manageable howto for the user.  It called back to my days of being a technical writer.

But my nervous system is janky.  HRV is Bryan Adams' fourth studio album.  There are times when there is a garage band in the cage that is working on the intro to VH's *Hot for Teacher*.  

This past weekend, I picked up a patch of poison ivy after taking the family out to toss an Aerobie over at Blue Lagoon Park.  It was the first time we had thrown a rectangle-like version of an Aerobie.  Our collective aim told that particular story, or there was a rift in the space-time continuum that spawned a vortex within a thicket.  

Despite being aware of the poison ivy and calling off the event, I thought I would complete the memory and bring back some of that choice urushiol.  It took a couple of days for my souvenir to develop.  But, unlike the past where I would take a fired-up hair dryer straight away to it for some desperate relief, I am largely indifferent to it.  Yeah, I can tell it is itchy, but I am apathetic to its resolution.