---
title: "Up"
categories:
- "2024"
---

I reckon I've been sick for 11 days now.  Consequently, I shelved my strength regimen for this week.  My core is in turmoil—not *core* as in abs and obliques, no, just my qi is off for the lack of a better descriptor.  

I continue to be mystified by my heart rate.  Yesterday's 3.79 miles at a better than average pace was largely normal and today's 4.58 miles at my WORST recorded overall pace—it was as if someone was dragging on me!  I had to consciously keep my shoulders back.  For stretches of time, my heart rate hovered around 48-57.  For what it's worth, it even dropped to 44 at one point.  And yes, this was in the context of sleeping the night before with a mid-70s heart rate. 

After my workout, I pulled over that UofM/Chuck Hutton XL t-shirt that I caught at the football game in 2021 and it fit!  I then laughed at myself because when I caught it, I thought I should give it away to someone else for it was far too big on me.

I have been running [QGIS](https://qgis.org/en/site/), an open source GIS platform.  I am largely unfamiliar with GIS which is consistent with my failed attempts at applying to GIS jobs for USGS in Flagstaff back in 2004.  I am just looking for a meatier version of Google My Maps as Google's apps generally all come off like they were created one weekend in a Mountain Dew Code Red sponsored hackathon with no thought of future maintenance.  The uploads are limited to 5 MB, formats are restricted, there are only 10 layers, etc.

Of course, all of this is from that New Year's idea of attempting to walk down every non-cul-de-sac road of MY 1996 Bartlett.  And admittedly, I look forward to running again to extend my range since I am limited by time constraints on the weekdays.  

Honestly, it just adds a fun twist to my regular cardio—OK cardio streak.  It has now been 34 days in a row I've hit my step goal.  That sort of thing requires a daily commitment.  I've got most of 2023 to show that you don't just...

I ran across this song one pre-dawn morning on Pamela Ann as I walked toward  Bartlett High and it has been in my rotation since:

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaU0xQWvHrw)