---
title: '"A Friend a Friend Would Like to Have"'
categories:
- "2024"
---

It is official: coinciding with the renewal of my domain, I am off Google.  Just this morning, I did one last walkthrough for data bits, panning a last survey of the room before turning off the lights, similar to my Czech and UofM classrooms.  

There were other logins before this one, of course.  There was once the invite-only Gmail account given to me by a fellow geek, back when its "Don't be evil" wasn't a knee-slapper.

Thus, I've left before Google before, but this time around has a level of finality to it.  In the past, without Google Drive, backups have always vexed me.  I've resolved that now ~~with Nord Locker,~~ though I'll have to view it strictly a backup like I once did with tape backups, not an active document with a revisioning system.  Unfortunately, NordLocker ultimately was too unwieldy to replace the fluidity of Google Drive.

*(And technically, I haven't fully departed yet because [Google Charts](https://developers.google.com/chart) render my weightloss linegraphs, though live data is hardly needed!)*

I'm closer to viewing my phone as a dumb phone.  I don't live by my phone, but it's helpful to haul around as a stereo. Crazy, I know, but I think it's a...phone?  Like, dial up a friend sort of thing? Is this a *STRANGER THINGS* throwback?  Well, a phone is definitely NOT a 386 tower!  

Yes, I miss the *before times*, back when a friend was a friend—neither a notification nor synonymous with a *follower.*

YouTube Music is out and Spotify is in.  As such, I belatedly present to you the OST for [The 36th Expedition: Mortal Kombat](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/5kaAikPgB2oKsZLSSWsOlc).

Of course, *this* is the 37th.  Where do I go from here?  