---
title: "\"Kicking Through the Autumn Leaves\" @163"
categories:
- "2024"
---  

Yep, I am *done* with talking about food until at the very least weigh-in on July 7.  Yesterday's post is like a tool.  When you need it, you *really* need it.  And when you don't?  Well, I *hate* that kind of tool.  

I am more of a [Leatherman](https://www.leatherman.com/multi-tool) type.  A hybrid tool.  I used to carry one around on my belt in desktop support, a Batman-on-the-spot sort of thing.  

A Leatherman was bestowed upon me on college graduation in 2001 that has since been lost to the deserts of time.  The one I have now is among the few keepsakes from my Dad's passing in 2004.  That tool has stuck around longer than a fat guy's wedding ring in a gifted-away Craftsman standing chest chockful of tools and a college class ring with its CRT monitor engraving, forever departing from the Flagstaff airport.

There is something commendable about extended functionality with day-to-day application.

These past six years have had one goal: 163, a place of its own resourcefulness.  It is more than just a number.  It is a state of mind, a convergence of past, present, and future; the 90s will be alive in my future.  And come autumn when I have attained it, *what* do I do next?  And while targeting that 1.6 ratio can be the next fitness target, physique does not capture the essence of whom I am.  

It does not speak to my soul.  

## All the Lights Are Changing, Green to Red

And maybe we introverts live such private lives.  Having an external target that can easily be quantified is easier to communicate.  It lets folks quickly sketch up a two-dimensional figure and go home for the day.

But, what of our depths?  What do we *really* want to express?  My heart seeks the sunset horizon amidst the paperwork of a chores-based life.  I feel like I am never whom I am.  No, I gotta be rational...provide cost-benefit analysis...optimize the budget...check sightlines for threats...wield a weedwacker weekly.  But, do I still *dream* of sunsets?  

It is like *Against the Wind:*

> Well, those drifters days are past me now  
I've got so much more to think about  
Deadlines and commitments  
What to leave in, what to leave out  

## Saturday, I'm Running Wild

We rise beyond ethereal dreams.  We visualize to envision our future, whether as a catalyst or roadmap; we do not dream as a local anesthetic. 

Therefore, what are you dreaming?  What are you witnessing in autumn '24?

> Walked out this morning, I don't believe what I saw  
Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore  
Seems I'm not alone at being alone  
Hundred billion castaways, looking for a home  
>  
> -The Police


