---
title: '"...And Flowers Never Bend With the Rainfall"'
categories:
- "2024"
---

Garmin's interpretation of my watch's data is meaningless.  I *know* I'm just not THAT frazzled.  When the parameters of a scenario are modified, I adjust accordingly.  It's change that gets folks, doesn't it?  That shift away from homeostasis.  And I welcome change.  

Earlier this year, I laughed aloud in delight as I walked the perimeter of Easthill through the pouring showers and the tempest of crackling lightning.  Chaos makes sense to me, or at least, it's honest.  It's not the 2002's *[False Faces](/2002-07-15-false-faces/)* of edged lawns and vacation pics uploaded to Facebook.  The real world is broken, tribal, and animalistic. 

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vf5v2wuzUFk)

Not that there aren't storylines, but they are all thematic elements that have played out many times before.  Isn't that one of the luxuries of reaching the mid-40s?  There's a consistency that we see.  I'm not saying I'm nuzzling up to it for lovin', but it's no adversary I haven't already seen before.

No, stress is not a proper interpretation by Garmin.  What metric does it use to reach that conclusion? Heart rate variability (HRV)—observe the timing pattern and notate signficant difference.  Assuming my Forerunner 935 is accurate, apparently my HRV is crazy-go-nuts!  That said, in context, my brewed cup of maybe-neuropathy, fatigue, and HRV funky behavior is consistent with being a zombie for a *long* time.  

So what do I do? 

1. Toss my Garmin aside. Avada Kedavra Google.
2. Walk.
3. Lift weights—I got that Golden Ratio to hit by year end!
4. Maybe be a software developer.  Why not?  I've got Raspberry Pi just laying around.  Pick up a couple of these Black & Decker books and be a knuckle-dragging gorilla.

I really bought into those core tenets of Taekwondo back in my training (or they aligned up with who I am).  The two that stand out in this time is Perseverance and Indomitable Spirit.  Fundamental to both is the understanding the environment, what is under my purview and that which is part of the system/terrain.  You could say it's a SWOT analysis.  Or you could just think it's the recognition of the things I can control vs. things I can—use to my advantage.  And once you do know the tabletop layout, then dominate and win...even if victory conditions resemble *Rocky* or *Gladiator*.

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-GtMEwkCN0)