---
title: "龍年"
categories:
- "2024"
---

This is a *good* day.  I earned a couple more Garmin badges, the 15 hours of walking activities, *Time to Walk* badge and this one:

*(media content yanked to optimize site)*

Welcome to the Year of the Dragon, the wood variety, with the last one in 2012, of water.

I earned them both in today's 4:23 AM walk, an 8-mile painting across Bartlett.  I picked up some new canvas in a couple of neighborhoods and took the circumference of East Hill.  Naturally, it was in the rain, a mandatory feature of my extended walks.  

And I gotta tell ya as the MMORPG druid, Thundercast, I love walking in thunder and lightning—truly, I *do!*  With the first crack, I went from playing Chris Brown's *Forever* as featured on *The Office* to AC/DC's *Thunderstruck*.  Indeed, "I was lightning before the thunder."

An element of this year I like is how it lines up with the leap year of 1996.  Today's February 10 is a Saturday as it was in 1996.  And I look back with fondness as I flip through the 1996-1997 student bullentin for the University of Memphis and its University Calendar.  How I would *love* to be transported to Spring '97 just as I was skipping Wednesday's classes on February 26, 1997 to click-clack step into the reflecting-floor-new Wolfchase Galleria!

To date and throughout this year, I'll be listening to a LONG favorite from that 1996-1997 era, Robert Miles' *Dreamland* (1996), a CD I purchased for an inflated amount of cash at that mall and was prominently featured among my circle of friends.