---
title: "The Rogue"
categories:
- "2024"
---

I'm getting somewhere in my training regimen 'cause afterward, I gotta wring out this pain during recovery!  I kicked off another Friday arms day at 3:20 AM.  After I checked that off, I geared up for my cardio.  

See, last night, Amazon delivered a brand new pair of shoes, an Under Armour Charged Rogue 3.  I had read [this older review](https://runnerexpert.com/under-armour-charged-rogue-review/) and had hoped that the trend had continued for subsequent releases.  OK, I was banking BIG that it was!  My recent pair from UA...eh...sawed that nasty kerf to my ankle while it jumbled my toes into a mishmash.  Hey, I followed the rules: I measured my feet and chose the "correct" size off the chart.

I learned my lesson.  I went up a ½ size and went with a "4E" pair (it's not) and left that popular model behind.  With this new rogue for my campaigns, I doubled up on my socks, folded them over at the heel (4x), and ran a hair dryer for a bit.

It's tricky for me.  I have what you'd expect for Neanderthal, these Hobbit-wide feet.  But, I also have high arches with totally a tendency to roll outward (which is further exacerbated by a worn sole).

All of that aside...

At 28℉, I had an excellent *Elmo Meets B.B. King, eats Vension, and Yells at the Park* walk this morning.  Garmin recorded the following:

<div style="overflow-x:auto" markdown="1">

|Lap| Distance| Pace|
|--|--|--|
|1|1 mile|19:44|
|2|1 mile|19:31|
|3|1 mile|20:03|
|4|1 mile|20:55|
|5|0.82 mile|20:03|

</div>

It is at a better pace than past walks, although those things were hampered by a cup of Starbucks on the back end.  It's oddly motivating for me; I'm on the verge of a sub-20:00 overall walk (today's was 20:05). 

What lies at 2024's Journey's End?