---
title: "The Call of the Wild: The Results of the 35th Expedition"
categories:
- "2024"
---

Yes, in my first win of 2024, I lost 5.88% for a 15 lb weightloss!  I did it through increasing my walking and lifting while upping my fat.  In fact, this last six-weeks was the most fat I had as a high-fat carnivore...so, I guess EVER in a fitness context.  You can [check out the breakdown](/expeditions/#intake) in the re-added Intake section of the site.

I was happy to see that I made it over the hump of **1** in my challenge to achieve the golden ratio. I also dropped down a jeans size, did not lose mass in my arms—still 16.5", and *increased* mass in my shoulders.  Those handful of data points mean more to me than revisiting scale notches.  It shows that the work I put in *matters*.  

I achieved today's victory by a daily average context of 2360 calories with 87.2% of them coming from fat, thereby transforming my engine to run on—you guessed it—FAT, my own or from that 16.2 lbs of butter I had!  

I wholly believe that our energy comes from fat and protein is for repair & maintenance.  Our body HAS to have these two macros.  As far as that other "macro," what we all know is actually sugar, eye-opening as it is, you don't need that ice cream truck in your life. 

I added a bit to this site, including the fabled [Tunes](/tunes/) section, which features the soundtrack to *The 35th Expedition: The Call of the Wild*. 

Now it's on to The 36th when I'll write another one of these posts on March 3.  

I've now got to go live my next soundtrack...