---
title: "\"I&apos;m Running with the Wind, a Shadow in the Dust\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

## Hearing

Do you know what would be a great concert to attend?  In September, Billy Joel and Sting are performing in St. Louis at Busch Stadium.  Those two speak to my growing up.  Years ago, another artist who played a significant role came up to campus for FREE and I *missed* him because I had to work: Bryan Adams.  That's one artist I would have *loved* to have seen!  And you can add another to that list: the Counting Crows.  Back in the day, I used to scour the Internet for bootlegs of their shows.  Those were *even* better than the studio albums.

I haven't been to a concert since—what, a mewithoutYou 2005 gig?  It was that era I was on foot and bicycle after I gave my truck away.  

I dunno why exactly I stopped attending...things got busy...never trusted babysitters...never had grandparents to shove kids their way.  Then there was a certain practicality of paying cold hard cash for being swamped with humanity by an inferior audio performance—perhaps I saw too many shows at the Pyramid!  

## Vision

I have gotten lazy.  Whatever happened to...

1. Mind map dreaming
2. Todoist tasks 
3. Reading toward *The Future*
4. Meditation
5. Lifting
6. Steps

I have brought back my New Year's Resolutions page.  Look, I think its loss was due to the very same existential malaise that obliterated Day 238 of HFC #1 in summer 2023.  It reared its ugly old noggin' again and wrecked my beard.  But, with a clean slate, I'm growing the hair and beard again, *The Yair & the Yeard.* But, NO hair dye this time...

...I want to be me...primal:

1. Driven by instinct and intuition
2. Alert with piercing eyes
3. Wielding a rugged, muscular build
4. Braving long hair and an unkempt beard with the open road and a lack of concern for societal grooming standards
4. Radiating a fluid, animalistic grace 
5. Resonating natural athleticism and strength  

VITALITY—that's my vision for the rest of my 40s.