---
title: "Champion"
categories:
- "2024"
---

Last night as I watched *The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug* with the family, I picked up another Garmin badge: ***Stepping Up 40K*** *- Get 40,000 steps in one day*.  Naturally, it also took #2 all-time for most steps since 2013 *(And again, #1 without breaking my foot)*.  Still, I considered racking up another 10K steps, but hey, it was after 7 PM and my bedtime drew nigh: GOTTA walk tomorrow!  The 40K step day ended my week for another record, 40 miles of walking activities for my Mon-Sun week.

This morning was a back day, and it felt good to my DB straight leg deadlifts.  It felt like I was working a rowing machine—just vertical.

As to my cardio, my walk...well, in this Dec-Feb stint, it was the best overall pace for 3+ miles (19:30).  I mean, yesterday afternoon I snagged a 17:45 from a 1.1-mile walk.  My pace would have been improved if I didn't have to stop to figure out the map.  Still:

1. 1 mi - 19:40
2. 1 mi - 20:03
3. 1 mi - 19:25
4. 0.5 mi - 18:19

This will improve as I drop weight.  From experience, I can tell ya a 230s body is different from a 160s—but it has FAR more agility than a 330s one!

I only painted a little bit of Bartlett as I swung by the idyllic Sleepy Hollow Park and then picked up a corner street over by Yale Road Park.  I do like my park-to-park days!

I added a new section on my site on the Expeditions page:  [High Scores](/expeditions/#high-scores) as a motivating way to achieve top steps and my diet streak.

And yes, I've decided to make today my 2004 GOAT belt buckle kind of day!