---
title: "Green is All Around"
categories:
- "2024"
---

> I feel it in my fingers  
I feel it in my toes  
...  
And so the feeling grows   
It's written on the wind  
It's everywhere I go, oh yes, it is  
>  
> -Troggs / Wet Wet Wet

I sat up and wondered what was better for me: sleep or movement.  Mesmerized by the silence, my automatic snooze alarm at 2:40 nudged me.  I sat longer, contemplating the meaning of it all, when I found my watch had ANOTHER 10-minute alarm.  "Fine, fine. I'll go." 

I pulled on a pair of spats then grabbed my combat shorts—*Heads Will Roll*, right?

I wish I could regale in a tale of how I shoved iron to-and-fro like some crazed 105-lb Crossfitter. One thing I can say: I slowly and steadily pushed the weights forward like a *Man on a Mission*.

I cut out the Arnold press—can you blame me?  I had a session of popcorn scraping yesterday with another scheduled soon.  More importantly, I just feasted on a 4.4 oz filet of salmon, a first for me to eat between benchpress sets!  Who wants to dig deep with a belly full of fish?

I pulled over the ol' green LED headlamp.  How that thing has carved out my daily footsteps!  Then I slapped on the new sandals—gotta break 'em in.

The walk wasn't much.  All totaled, it was a mere 2 ¾ miles, rather paltry compared to the last walk on February 25, 8.3 miles, another day when I outlasted my tech.  

It was slow, purposely so.  While I'm not 100% back, my thinking was more just to enjoy being *alive*.  Enjoy music.  Do some smiling.  

I kept peeking at my Garmin's pace and regretting I had.  Sustaining a practice of moving is a couple of orders of magnitude more important than what pace.  

*(Who cares about pace?  I'm wearing sandals!)*

I would spy puddles from last night's rainfall.  When I wore shoes in the past, they were my bane.  One step and you've got a waterlogged souvenir for the morning and likely a funky foot!

But *today?*

I actively sought them.  Life is just different with sandals.  No, I suppose splashing in puddles is not the proper, 45-going-on-46 way.  Gotta invest that tuppence in *Fidelity Fiduciary Bank*.  

No, I suppose I'm more *Into the Wild* than *The Wolf of Wall Street.*

*(And I died in my Alaska as well.)*

This body isn't back, yet.  But, Garmin tells me my daily stress average this past week is dropping: 89, 80, 74, 67, 57, 50.  And that new crazy itch on my quad from that old poison ivy tells me I'm doing fine, that "Hey, I, oh, I'm still alive."

As for *me,* I feel the earth in my toes.