---
title: '"You Can Go Your Own Way..."'
categories:
- "2024"
---

&nbsp;&nbsp;*Good morning, America, how are ya?*

I'm happy.  Oh, nothing's changed.  As these are the days where I haven't completed a single day of achieving my step goal of 10.9.44, it seems fantasy of reaching my 39-day streak again.  But...

...that'll take care of itself...I'm me.  I'm always me.  And it's not lost on me that this post shares the same title as [this one from June 20, 2020](/2020-06-20-fleetwood-mac-you-can-go-your-own-way/).

Sometimes it feels like a fantasy that I'll *even* get to October 9, 2044.  Life at 66 seems so foreign.  And yet, it is a mere 20 years away.  And 20 years ago, on an August 12, I wrote [*Here's to 2001*](2004-08-12-heres-to-2001/).  You know how I love WWII history; interestingly enough, a hundred years prior of 10/9/2044 was the Tolstoy conference where Churchill pushed a handwritten note over to Stalin to propose postwar Europe would be divided between the Allies and the Soviets.  But that's not the sort of thing to base a daily goal.

&nbsp;&nbsp;*I've seen fire and I've seen rain*

I'm content.  In a gray 50s yesterday, I shoved my lawn mower across the front yard.  My heart rate was not perplexing, but I had nothing in the tank.  In short, it felt like I ran through a cold night; I felt that old, hollow feeling.  And maybe folks might say, "Dude! You don't got it, Jack!"  But, I still have the drive inside, even if...

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7-N9W0wRJc)

&nbsp;&nbsp;*Lord, I can't change*  
&nbsp;&nbsp;*Won't you fly high, free bird, yeah!* 

&nbsp;&nbsp;*I've been through the desert on a horse with no name*  
&nbsp;&nbsp;*It felt good to be out of the rain*   
&nbsp;&nbsp;*In the desert you can't remember your name...*  