---
title: "\"Human, Born to Make Mistakes\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

There's nothing like dropping down another slim-fit pants size to make you inspired to rework your intake, especially that *all* my pants (sans the jeans targets) are the same thing, black [*Amazon Essentials Men's Slim Fit Stretch Golf Pant*](https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Essentials-Slim-fit-Stretch-Pant_dnu/dp/B096YLQGFK/r) that cost me $12.20 each.

My intake that I referenced the other day in [*"Roll with the Changes:"  39E Food!*](/2024-05-28-changes/) has been far too complicated.  Even though I combined schemas to lessen the load, I kept having to refer back to that post to see what I was scheduled to eat. 

It's not just the pants, but I also want to rethink my strategy in light of yesterday's event.  I have had my Fat Focus days for a good long while.  Perhaps the added stress to my body became unsustainable? 

Additionally, after 13 days into The 39E, I have been unable to successfully raise my protein to 70.  It is up five with my overall macro averages of 236.1 / 65.4 / 1.9.  While that's what I want as a minimum, it's not what I targeted.  Having two days out of the week where I don't eat meat makes it challenging to play catchup.  

The chief problem is when it's not those days, I just feel like I am stuffing myself as I just eat once a day.  Eating beyond the point of satiation really does make me feel like I am gaining weight!  To make the 4g protein work, I shovel in 93-100 grams of protein for breakfast on all the other days.  Daily, it gets to the point I *loathe* eating.  Don't need a gastric bypass to achieve that!

And with all the added protein PLUS eating it once a day, I wonder how much the added gluconeogenesis from excess protein contributed to the failure of The 38th Expedition?  An earlier approach that I had used was to eat about 25 grams per meal.  

Thus, I'm going to stop being cute with my fasting skillset, something I've honed in one method or another since 2003. I'm pulling the Fat Focus Days and those massive protein intakes.  And while quitting coffee is not yet on my radar, it has blipped on there in the past, so I'm going to start moving in that direction.   

## Summary

1. Remove Fat Focus Days to create a clockwork approach.
2. Remove "intermittent fasting" timing
3. Return to 20-25 grams of protein per refuel
4. Cut coffee consumption in half (4-6 cups to 2)
5. Reduce fat average intake from 235 to 200

## What Will This Look Like?

* **Breakfast:** 1 burger patty and 2 eggs (29 grams of protein), 
* **Lunch:** 1 burger patty and 2 eggs (29 g)
* **Dinner:** 1 burger patty (18 g)
* **Treat:** 1 iced butter coffee (32-40 oz)

Don't get me wrong, I still lean toward the savage way of eating the big meal, but I am thinking *Neanderthal Bill* did not have to edge his lawn afterward.  Perhaps the energy required for processing, too, contributed to my fallout.

You'll have to forgive me for talking about food as I said I would not.  But, things have fundamentally changed.
