---
title: "\"It May Take a Little Time, a Lonely Path, an Uphill Climb\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

What I am listening to today:  [*Lite Hits Classics*](https://www.accuradio.com/channel/4e38561e77d9e7463600002d).  So far it's been blockquote below and James Blunt's *You're Beautiful* (2005):

> You can look at the menu  
But you just can't eat  
> 
> Howard Jones, *No One Is to Blame* (1986)

I had left the waters of the loathsome sardine, didn't I?  Just when I thought I was breaking loose and heading out toward open waters, I am being reeled back in.  I've got *another* six days ahead of me leading up to Sunday, The 40th Expedition's weigh-in on the 18th.  We'll just chalk it up to budgetary exuberance.  

I'll wind up turning in a 21-day streak of that vile thing.  But it's only two cans a day that I'll power through in my mornings.

My blood test intrigued me this morning within the context of what I shared in my last post: 

* **glucose**: 76
* **ketones**: 4.4 (highest yet)
* **Dr. Boz**: 17.3  

This was all in the context of having 3 oz of liver yesterday, which is similar to what I had the other day.  I suspect the yardwork elevated the production of ketones.  Excess ketones for unneeded energy are not turned into fat and embark on the great oceanic voyage.  Sugar however...well, we *know* all about that:

> Whoopi-ty-aye-oh  
Rockin' to and fro  
Back in the saddle again  
>  
> Gene Autry, *Back in the Saddle Again* (1939)

Ok so the above song wasn't in the radio stream—currently Boys II Men's cover of *It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday* (1991) followed by another cover, *I Can Love You Like That* (1995).  But today's post just feels like a *Sleepless in Seattle* (1993) theme. Perhaps this site leans more toward *You've Got Mail* (1998)?:

> The odd thing about this form of communication is that you're more likely to talk about nothing than something. But I just want to say that all this nothing has meant more to me than so many somethings.

Finally, this stream drops me off with *Out of Touch* (1984) from Daryl Hall & John Oates.