---
title: '"Save My Life, I&apos;m Going Down for the Last Time"'
categories:
- "2024"
---

I got past a challenging day, a Fat Focus Wednesday in context to my first day without coffee. This morning was tilapia (3.1 oz) which did *not* dethrone my love for salmon. I also ate a couple hamburger patties (4.2) followed by a heap of bacon (3.5 oz). Collectively, that puts me at 88 grams of protein for the day, high for that 75 marker, but puts the daily averages at 237.1 / 56.5 / 1 for 12 days in The 38th Expedition.

I know what I'm doing is best for me, but admittedly, this clean break from my daily 40 oz. coffee is challenging! If it was merely cutting out something I look forward to each day, I could manage that. But, to add how my body responds in withdrawal—lethargy, irritability, meaningless—well, it is just fortitude or trust in the process. 

Mentally, I know this is all caused from coffee chemicals. There's no rationality to it.

That said, I've been down this road before. As I began to experience back pain, I remembered December and read that 13's [*The Coffee & 31*](/2023-12-13-coffee/).

I'm quitting *quitting coffee*. ["Save my life, I'm going down for the last time."](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=TXP963P0nDQ)

Maybe sometime at goal weight, I'll optimize further, but in this space, why pick up the style points? That said, there is value in going with whole beans instead of those natural and artificial flavors combo. The only lab coat I want in my diet is a butcher's.

I've also cut back from my April Addendum New Year's Resolutions. I'm still off Spotify and Google, but...they missed bringing in the new year. It's awkward to have them as a late add to the party. Plus, the reason I cut down my list in December was to focus on a handful. Honestly, by New Year's 2025, Google won't apply to me. There are more interesting challenges on the horizon.

I did bring back Google Charts on my Fit section. I like its extended functionality—I spent a considerable amount of time to set them up the way I wanted! I may even throw Font Awesome back into the mix if I can get a small, site-use-specific file hosted locally. That half-second render always grinds my gears!

All that aside, I have a deep desire to leave behind tech—well, tech the way the mainstream considers tech, some lousy crutch of existence that relies on 3rd-party apps on dumb-ya-down devices. Tech that "...extends life...expands consciousness...vital to space travel," I'm on board and setting sail with that! I mean, you can already cue up the "a summer's day laughin' and a-hidin', chasin' love out on [Thunder Island](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=EI0Tt3UZ5jc)."