---
title: "\"Shootin’ at the Walls of Heartache\""
categories:
- "2024"
---  

I have set aside my mostly monochromatic, near newspaper-themed palette for my site and have gone retro...\*erh\*...retro-retrowave!  Yes, in this season in the backdrop of a dystopia where I am walking through and toward dreams, I return to this synthwave approach, even adopting that old site header and favicon, originally a selfie taken over a decade ago in Alaska. 

And lemme tell ya, ChatGPT helped out a bit in [painting my *maps*](/fit/#maps).  At times, it took a few wrong turns and I had to tell it "You're wrong."  [Google Charts](https://developers.google.com/chart/interactive/docs/gallery/linechart) is just awkward to me.  "Oh no, I didn't capitalize the middle of a variable that until now, I didn't know existed!"

The collaboration with ChatGPT teeters on the edge of the *uncanny valley*—I even thanked it for our session together—that *"tr:hover span"* in my stylesheet had me buggered!  Still, I use AI everyday, whether that platform or with Brave Leo.  Leo does not answer every search engine query, but it hits the majority and is superior to Google in that regard.  

All that aside, it amuses me the amount of work I put into what amounts to just journaling.  I even changed out [the Ship's Manifest](/fit/#ships-manifest) to make it cleaner and remove the European style dating.  I miss my Galaga-styled high scores content with a countup timer acting as the player's current score on top of the site, but we'll see if I make this into 2019 again.

"Dear Diary, you're a pill..."

This reinvigorated theme comes along to add to the fire.  Unlike HFC #1, Expeditions 28-32, in this set of five, 34-38, I feel like I am just getting started!  Life at sub-200?  Weighin's on Sunday; we're going down to the wire.  My projection 5 weeks ago had me at 201.5...so here's to be wrong in life?

Achieving these milestones is *big* for me:

1. **Sub-200 / Sunday(?):**  
Finally getting under 300 after years there felt *great*.  Never went back. Now, 200 is rare!  Sunday-ish will only be the second time in 19 years (see #3).

2. **Day 238 / June 23:**   
To win what was lost in 2023.

3. **181 lbs / mid-August:**   
Surpass 2021's 182.

4. **163 lbs / late October:**   
Bring back '95.  "Quick—somebody toss me my black, Dan Post cowboy boots!  Gotta have that old Ford around here somewhere—wait, it's a year *younger* than me? Somebody get my ol' "fresh off the showroom floor" truck to me!  The night calls."


