---
title: "\"When You Get Caught Between the Moon and New York City\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

As I sit down to journal, these lyrics arise in me:

> As I burn another page,   
As I look the other way    
I still try to find my place  
In the diary of Jane    
>  
> Breaking Benjamin, *The Diary of Jane* (2006)

Before I put these words down onto paper, they already feel days old, another page shelved deep down the hallway of my library labyrinth.  What substance is this?  I want to say that I was ALIVE once...that I had a voice...that I never could be easily shoved into a categorical box...that I was a lot like *you*.   

Look around the Internet, what do we see?  A lot of echo chambers on repeat about the heroic *Us* vs. the villainous *Them*.  What else?  Subscribe!  Patreon!  Pull out the O'Jay's "Money, money, money...money!"

Is that the totality of life?  We know it's *not*.

1. So we say yet another thing...   
2. Try *hard* to pay no attention to everyone *else's* focus...  
3. Line up our sight picture...  
4. And leave a mark in the diary...

I listen to [*Focus '80s Hits*](https://www.accuradio.com/channel/650b1220ab53e353176dc2b2), this time around Human League's *Human* (1986).  My Psychology teacher in high school was WRONG in '95: '80s music is stellar!

But the problem I have with it now...*\*sigh\**...is that I am nostalgic for the past.  When I listen to new wave—I'm not that way; synthesizers are the wave of the future!  And its rock really is just something of the spirit I had in college.  But, as for its pop?  I yearn for another time:  a time of Pronto Pups I suppose. 

I need to shake that off.  'Cause I can't change things...and now the anthem of *If I Could Turn Back Time* (1989) plays on the stream.

Good!  Another Climbing-Out-of-a-Trans-Am song is playing: Def Lepard's *Armageddon It* out of '89.

I suppose if I'm honest with myself, today isn't my world.  I nestle away in the pages of history books; I reminisce of a time when the world was a better place; I lament lost connections.  These days, it is more enticing to get lost in woodworking ideas, model building dreams, radiating sunsets, and becoming carried away on a breeze toward the call to adventure.



