---
title: "\"In the Sun With Your Hair Undone\""
categories:
- "2024"
---  

Last night, I pulled down off the shelf a box of that grey-reducing  beard shampoo.  As I worked it in, I thought to myself, "What am I doing?  I don't want to be 31-32 again.  I just want to be me."

I like being 45.  It's nothing I thought it was.  I'm less Michael Scott in *Fun Run*, *Dinner Party*, and *Goodbye, Toby* with Steve Carrell at that age.  Perhaps I lean more toward Matt Damon's character in *Jason Bourne* (2016): chiseled by age and apprehensive of the far-reaching tentacles of technology.

I snatched up the entirety of my clearanced-out beard dyes and released them into the trash.  

I don't know why I put on pretenses.  Long has faded the social groups that once meant something.  Maybe that sort of context would add validity.  Then again, I have always understood the value in Blessid Union of Souls' *Hey Leonardo*.

I guess my hope around New Year's Eve was that in 2024, I would be a part of *something.*  In my pre-dawn cardio, my thoughts played: "*This* will be the year! There will be friends, deep conversations, coffees, real connections—just like what I once had at the Ugly Mug!"  

*Who are we kidding?*

Let's be real: these days, I just send unanswered 5-word texts.  That world is dead.  Or, I'll toss another [*Message in a Bottle*](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=4m3CMTeo-nU&si=GaTM6tWKqzI54t4a) email.  It makes me draw inward.  

I just want something real.

> He says, "Son, can you play me a memory?  
I'm not really sure how it goes  
But it's sad, and it's sweet, and I knew it complete  
When I wore a younger man's clothes"  
>  
>  -Billy Joel


