---
title: '"I Remember Running Through the Wet Grass"'
categories:
- "2024"
---

It has been nearly two months since I powered off my workouts for this thing—zombie whatever.  I reminiscence how I once passed the Christmas lights through the night in temperatures dipping in the 20s.  But now it is April, any workout is a cool memory.

I think I am beginning to come out of this muck.

There remains an element of numbness for my body, but my stomach is only numb like I have worn too tight of a belt for a long time.  My legs no longer feel like two logs when I bump them together; I feel the hair on the respective leg.  Unfortunately, pulling a sock is an entirely WEIRD experience.  Curiously, I had a phantom pain ingrown toenail (ingrown toenails have been commonplace for me since the sixth grade, but I always resolve them).  Checked it out under magnification and...nuthin'!  But, pain is always a good thing.

(I was even ESPECIALLY itchy from that poison ivy rash that annihilated my forearm, which, I have MIXED thoughts about that!)

According to Garmin, I remain under high stress, but the level has been decreasing.  I interpret that my heart rate variability is beginning to return to spec.

My heart rate, while still elevated compared to those freezing walks, is trending downward.  As far as real-world application, today after failing at Gloomhaven: Jaws of the Lion, hours-long scenario 8 with the kiddos, I mowed the front and back yards; and did some cleanup and edging with the weedwacker.  I went through two charged 80V batteries from Atlas and a partial charge of another.  It contrasts with my prior capability to only do the front yard.  

You know, it IS a *good* day when I can outlast tech.  The day spent me, but I could tell some of my stamina is back.  I even managed to put away clothes and dishes afterward, though I was left to twiddle a foggy mind.

I have one week left of *The 37th Expedition: Day 1000*.  I really ought to kick off a week of workouts to launch off into The 38th Expedition, April 14-May 25.

