---
title: "The Walking Dead"
categories:
- "2024"
---

I am enlightened by compromised lungs, a heartbeat that springs to 130 BPM when I get up to grab a cup of coffee, and a body that is shrouded in a veil of numbness from collarbone to toes.  Perhaps, I have become the principal TWD's plot point and I am the *Walking Dead* 2019.  

I felt it coming; my qi just felt *off*.  It just felt like something was off even with no symptoms.  Now these days, I wake up each morning to an entire day with my ignition timing off.  I'll tap my legs together and it feels like I'm slapping two pieces of oak together.  My chest thunders with fatigue as I fry up a simple batch of bacon. 

I've never experienced this.  Will it pass?  If this is a new feature of my life, I am at peace with it.  In fact, it would be a gift to remain less sensate as I have a better vision of the future as my focus fails me in the present.

It brings me ever so closer to facing the reality of the beyond.  Or, in practice, the life I know from now to the next 6,000 years.  

No, I've never felt mortal like this, seeing the threshold that my father and mother once crossed, but never have I been humbled like this.  It is a most excellent position to be in.  In the past, I have hammered upon my chest acting proudly that I will be in this aspect for many years to come; even my 10,944 step goal was a date challenge to overcome my dad's span.  But as I write now, it makes me think breaking my overall daily steps high scores to be a laughable target.  

In my morning studies, I ran across this passage:

> Let the lowly brother boast in his exaltation, and the rich in his humiliation, because like a flower of the grass he will pass away. For the sun rises with its scorching heat and withers the grass; its flower falls, and its beauty perishes. So also will the rich man fade away in the midst of his pursuits.  
>  
> Blessed is the man who remains steadfast under trial, for when he has stood the test he will receive the crown of life, which God has promised to those who love him.
>
> James 1:9-12, ESV

Of course, you know how much I love John MacArthur.  I like Ken Ham's [Answers in Genesis](https://answersingenesis.org/) apologetics ministry.  In fact, seeing his to-scale replica of the Ark is on my bucket list:

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa5ZpUlk3cg)

The other morning, I really enjoyed this discussion with the two of them:

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXJzCuQRHTM)

They make a good point: the first attack of all existence comes in Genesis 3:1 as Satan asks:

> Did God actually say, 'You shall not eat of any tree in the garden'? 
>  
> Genesis 3:1, ESV 

Our take on life, if we're "woke" or not, really does depend on whether we believe in a literal interpretation of Genesis chapters 1-11.  If we think it's made up, then the rest of the Bible is as well. "If that part isn't true, what else isn't true?"  It becomes just some book written by a bunch of men and now I become god.  May this *never* be!  

I applaud and high-five with what Ken Ham says:

> We're seeing people redefining marriage, redefining gender, I mean the Devil takes everything God has created and ordained and turns it around. And so they redefine what a family is, redefine marriage, redefine gender, redefine life, redefine man's relationship with the environment.  
>  
> Instead of having dominion over the creation, they have the creation having dominion over man, redefine life in regard to animal life and human life and even putting animals more valuable than human. 
> 
> I mean they redefine everything God's own because that's what the Devil does: he takes what God has created and then turns it around.  
>  
> And that's why it's so important once we start with that foundational history in Genesis 1-11 and you build everything on there, then you will be woke-proof.  Because why would you be led astray by the LGBT movement or why led astray by the abortion movement or by the climate religion, which is what's happening in a big time in our culture as well, because once you start with that foundation then you've got that world view comes right out of there you know it.

One bit that I appreciate from the discussion is the word *secular* really just means anti-God.

It parallels what I read this morning.  We know that Satan is the father of lies (John 8:44). Look at this:

> We know that we are from God, and the whole world lies in the power of the evil one.
>
> 1 John 5:19, ESV

Isn't that *exactly* what we see in the headlines today?  

And what does it mean if this [Earth is only 6,000 years old](https://answersingenesis.org/age-of-the-earth/how-old-is-the-earth/)?  That we are made in the image of God *(think about that)*.  That you matter?  