---
title: "\"I Love It When a Plan Comes Together!\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

After a couple of days, I pulled together my teaching plan for 2024-2025.  There remains a few details to scaffold out, but those placeholders will filled before 2025.

I feel good about it, though admittedly, I am weary of hammering away on this keyboard in its preparation.  The schema all came about on Tuesday morning as I lamented to my wife on the necessity of reading up and finding bits of outside sources for some "7" courses.  She remarked on teaching one course at a time—that's all I needed; I instantly fell in love with the construct.  

Instead of this long, dragged-out subject and a slew of others with it, go deep into a single subject for a month and then leap to another discipline for the next 4 weeks!  Rinse and repeat, "Whop bop b-luma b-lop bam bom."  

It always amused me that I could take a university class for a July or take that same class for the end of an August, September, October, November and an opening of December.  There is a LOT of filler in those traditional semester classes!  The summer saved in drive time alone!  

Overall, I am delighted with its focus.  There is a healthy representation regarding where we'll be for 10,000+ years—fine, INFINITY—in there; hits state req's, and dumps a whole TRUCKLOAD of practicality.  Regrettably, I couldn't slide in that coding class; my dance card was full.  Perhaps it'll show up for the 2025-2026 season.

This is not what I chewed on in 1993-1994.  I just drank Minute Maid in the cafeteria.

AND THUS, for the first time *ever*, I am serving up a single course, 3 hours every weekday for a summer term duration, departure from the past buffets which lasted all semester long.  Additonally, the kids will continue to invest 3+ hours completing assignments daily, including readings and writing assignments.  Weekly readings from the text-heavy classes are *generally* 150-180 pp. in length, though in the case of the leadership class, it is a book a week to offset Fall Break.