---
title: "Keurig"
categories:
- "2024"
---

For over a week now, I've gladly embraced the single-use, Keurig K-Cup life.  OK, so I'm a little late to the party-for-one, [me party](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXH3Gnvxpw0), as the company itself was founded as I entered high school listening radio songs like *Hey Jealousy*, *Nearly Lost You*, *Would?*, and *Man on the Moon*.  OK, I'll concede it took a bit to gain critical mass.  And, contextually, [the first Starbucks in Memphis opened in October 1999](https://www.bizjournals.com/memphis/stories/1999/10/25/daily1.html).  But for me in 1992 at 14, coffee, like girls, was an enigma to be solved.

While the prices per serving are eyebrow-raising, a feature that makes my kitchen JUST like a coffeehouse, I have fallen in love with the variety.    

Of course, the cornerstone of it all is my beloved Vitamix 7500.  I just finished up a span of days without its container for warranty replacement.  I tried all sorts of ways to make my butter fuse with my coffee manually for my iced beverages, but none is like the creamery of a Vitamix.

It really is a critical component of my high-fat carnivore implementation.  I've now had 7 Expeditions—a total of 42 weeks—where every six-weeks my weightloss was in the double digits.  That's rather remarkable, ESPECIALLY in the context of achieving satiety.  It's just too bad I had that 33rd Expedition that was crippled by existential malaise.  But now in my 13th week of my HFC return...well, [cue this song](https://open.spotify.com/track/1hDwBeBz3G5xVYftAjK2BQ) from The 17th Expedition.

Bon Jovi released a deluxe edition of his first album today, something I returned to during my 3 AM hour.  I owned it as a kid on cassette and knew it by heart even if it was a purchase I made over at the State Tech Walmart because I confused its *Shot Through the Heart* with the later, *You Give Love a Bad Name.*

I found this endearing: [Runaway - Cassette Writing Demo](https://open.spotify.com/track/1zw6wiS2D5023owWnlYmxs?si=84ecf779f9cb49dd).  I ran through my entire routine this morning through the studio portion.  Then I met my 4:15 AM appointment with the rain, but only did 2¼ miles because of a foot ding that developed, something that surfaced earlier that morning from a couple of unexpected pops during my stretches.  I'm serious about December, but I gotta go the distance and NOT do something stupid.  If I pushed on, the only thing out there that would have seen it was a soaking rabbit and that cat with the green headlights.