---
title: "Week 2"
categories:
- "2024"
---

*(media content yanked to optimize site)*

I took the above selfie sometime in Sunday's pre-dawn hours of [my new LED headlamp](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0C7ZXY1G3).  The thing has been a rockstar for me in my walks these past two days.

I've almost hammered out the 5.1-mile walking route I've been taking.  While it doesn't feature Starbucks, there's plenty of neighborhood travel, though it does incorporate some collector/arterial roads.  That said, those 4:15 AM walks have limited traffic.

Speaking of which, I broke the 20:00 min mark for walking (19:39/mi). I got stronger as the walk progressed, beating the time of every mile that proceeded it:

1. 20:28
2. 20:09
3. 19:42
4. 19:35
5. 18:26 (!)

It was kicked off at 32℉; the sweat through my thermal would turn into frost.  

And yes, today was a back day!  Deadlifts, shrugs, and incline rows!

Last week, Jan 1-7:

* Workouts: 35.92 miles
* Daily Steps Average: 24,366

I have hit my daily goal of 10,944 for 17 days in a row since 12/23/23's [*"Step by Step, Ooh, Baby"*](/2023-12-23-step-by-step/)

While I'm delighted with the pace improvements, I know it's not good enough; I need to get better.  To some extent, it is a function of just hauling too much weight around.  While 4 weeks ago, I was at 255, I suspect by now I am in the lower 240's.  I've got my weigh-in and measurements coming up in a couple of weeks.  

Yesterday, I applied a fat fast—I'm thinking of doing a Fat Fast & Bone Broth Sundays.  Or maybe fat fast, chicken broth, and just straight-up bone consumption like I did yesterday (3.3 oz of bones).  Nothing puts hair on my chest quite like munching on a chicken thigh bone.  Good luck running down the nutritional data on that!

I've got a brand new treadmill that's gonna be delivered soon—I'm not trying to resurrect my gym; it wasn't even my idea!  My wife has caught fire and wants it!  As for me, it'll be nice to offload my indoor steps from my $130 walking pad (great for barefoot walking) to something with emergency grips!  

And I'll be getting in [this thing](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0C9ZQMVNT/) to make me less prone to getting run over.  Honestly, it just reminds me of being a kid again in Bartlett going trick-or-treating with a glow stick.  
