---
title: "Goblins & Beorn in the USA"
categories:
- "2024"
---

> So teach us to number our days  
that we may get a heart of wisdom.
> 
> Psalm 90:12, ESV

Death is a friend.  Or at the very least, it is an advisor.  I mean, I'm not exactly doing flips around hippogriffs and centaurs in a forest with a bunch of hallowed garbage—that old stick, rock, and raincoat getup!

No, before I was powered online, my uptime was known (Psalm 139:16).  While I am immortal, this current version of me, well, has a bug in the code.  Take for example this: last night in the context of no training, I felt my ol' right knee tightening up which was followed up this morning when I nearly fell over during my boot sequence!  

The thing is, the bug is systemic to everything.  Everything!  From prince to pauper; Pangea to pebble.  And all because a woman wanted a hunk of Juicy Fruit while her man passively followed along.

Until my code is updated for its final release, beginning with the beginning in mind is good; beginning with the end in mind is better.  The Psalm above highlights the value of strategic thinking over the tactical.  How can you not gain & apply wisdom when you have the vision to see your destiny?  It elevates what matters and drops like a boulder that which bears & bares barely any bearing.  And honestly, most of the time in life, we get those two confused.  We put more value in strangers playing a little kid's game over there in that *foosball* cathedral than referring back to our notes to ask this question for our own field of play: "Is this wise?"

And for me, all this really is a part of ἁγιασμός, all funneling toward that last tick of the clock into the updated code of glorification.  

Something I considered yesterday (instead of allowing it to breeze past me):  Jesus is alive—as in, He IS *somewhere* in three-dimensional space as a human!  He's not buried some 1,970 years ago, but remains ALIVE—as a guy that likes a good fish fry—as someone I'll become teary-eyed when I see him for the first time!  And we're gonna be just like Him in His humanity, for in His deity, He gifts us to have some sort of X-Men wizardry:

> But our citizenship is in heaven, and from it we await a Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ, who will transform our lowly body to be like his glorious body, by the power that enables him even to subject all things to himself.  
>  
> Philippians 3:20-21, ESV

My resurrected Christ:

> As they were talking about these things, Jesus himself stood among them, and said to them, “Peace to you!” But they were startled and frightened and thought they saw a spirit. 
> 
> And he said to them, "Why are you troubled, and why do doubts arise in your hearts? See my hands and my feet, that it is I myself. Touch me, and see. For a spirit does not have flesh and bones as you see that I have."
>  
> And when he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet. And while they still disbelieved for joy and were marveling, he said to them, <mark>"Have you anything here to eat?" They gave him a piece of broiled fish, and he took it and ate before them.</mark>
>  
> Luke 24:36-43, ESV

> When they got out on land, they saw a charcoal fire in place, with fish laid out on it, and bread. Jesus said to them, "Bring some of the fish that you have just caught." So Simon Peter went aboard and hauled the net ashore, full of large fish, 153 of them. And although there were so many, the net was not torn. 
> 
> Jesus said to them, "Come and have breakfast." Now none of the disciples dared ask him, "Who are you?" They knew it was the Lord. 
>  
> Jesus came and took the bread and gave it to them, and so with the fish. This was now the third time that Jesus was revealed to the disciples after he was raised from the dead.
> 
> John 21:9-14, ESV

When it is all said and done, what will be your end?  As for me, I'm going to a salmon buffet.  I might just have to swing over the dessert bar to grab a slice of cheesecake (I hear it's *heavenly*).  There is gonna be a long line to shake Paul's hand.  In the meantime, would you be up for some foosball?  




