---
title: "\"In and Out of the Beams of a Neon Moon\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

I don't know which is lonelier: writing *Yet Another Post* or tossing content Facebook's way to garner a couple of *Likes* to be given back your pulsating cursor.  As a Meg Ryan character might say, "I don't really want an answer. I just want to send this cosmic question out into the void."

> And you run, and you run  
To catch up with the sun, but it's sinking  
And racing around  
To come up behind you again  
The sun is the same in a relative way  
But you're older  
Shorter of breath  
And one day closer to death  
>  
>  -Pink Floyd, [*Time*](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=JOFbxX8WGEw&si=Vd5Rhitv7KVBUT8C) (1974)

Until a couple of years ago, I spent all of my adult life volleying email correspondence.  Some 26 years.  There was a beauty about this asynchronous connection, a simplicity.  It was small talk over a cup of coffee at Cracker Barrel.  

Those years were not today's *terseness of texts*, a Fall '97 semester [VH1 *Pop-Up* video of Lisa Loeb](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEc6DtAofo4) info bits to just flail in the rapids of the notification torrent. 

No, emails were just shared banter across a blue-checkered tablecloth at the Blue Plate Cafe:

...mostly it was "[with a little help from my friends...](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=eXV4WyQMHFM&si=idn4OrYXsvelVlOA)"

...a time or two it was "[how can we be lovers if we can't be friends...](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=HiR_O3d0UtI&si=6I0U-HjIH16pl-da)"

...then there were the "[same old lang syne.](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=27INql8fvt0&si=vHUo6XDU_lXr3Zes)"

Email just plugged into the puzzle of the greater landscape.  

That was then.  Perhaps *The Shawshank Redemption* says it best, "The world went and got itself in a big damn hurry."

If that's what the world is all about now...

> Yeah, if that's what you're all about  
Good luck movin' up, 'cause I'm movin' out  
>  
> -Billy Joel

I want to know, what is real?

Life is simpler now that I de-Googled.  I don't pay half attention to my phone these days.  The modern age has lost its luster; it no longer has a hold over me.  The frizzled and frazzled world throws its tantrums and I just do not care.  Roughly once a week, my pocket computer comes in handy to play a little music with my ear plugs in as I cut the grass, compliments of my conduction headphones.  However, there will come a day when I'll scale that back.






