---
title: "\"Best of You\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

>...I swear I'll never give in  
I refuse  
>  
> Foo Fighters

It's another day.  The peripheral neuropathy continues another day, with its tingling, numbness, "heat intolerance," and "feeling as if (I'm) wearing gloves or socks when (I'm) not."  When I put on my sandals, my right little toe feels like I'm slapping a 6th toe on top of it.  Dunno if phantom toe is a symptom!  It's unsettling.

However, my ab numbness is nowhere near how bad it once was! 

I suspect my autonomic nerves are affected as well—BAH, these endless heart palpitations!  If this ChatGPT subscription is worth its meddle, it sounds like I've got a touch of postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome: "When people with POTS stand up, their heart rate can increase significantly (by 30 beats per minute or more within 10 minutes."  Mine went from 81 to 100 in 10 SECONDS of standup.

There's no cure for that either!  It makes me laugh: treatment options include things to raise blood pressure and eat salt.  So do ya still think a diet HIGH in saturated fats causes high blood pressure?

I guess that explains why the yard has been whippin' my tail all over the place!

This zombie bite has got all my internals going haywire.  Inflammation is the culprit to my poor success on the scale for 39E.  My macro averages were right on point; I've consistently lost double figures on it.  But, my body is too busy working on stuff to drop weight.  That said, while I lost 2 lbs in six weeks, I can say in the last five days, I dropped 1 lb.

So no cure, other than do what my body always does: write up a helpdesk ticket and send a tech to fix things.  Even if there was something doctors could do, I wouldn't green-light them.  My parents both had a TON of medical know-it-alls; my folks died a bit lighter in the wallet at ages 66 and 64.  

And all apologies to Shania and [*(If You're Not in It for Love) I'm Outta Here*](https://open.spotify.com/track/6Lst3nF4McKOTLSLuTvLhw):

> Mind if I sit down?  
Can I ask about my state?  
Haven't seen your face around,  
Are you new or running late?  
It's the same old line,  
Oh, every time,  
You prescribe pills that misalign,  
But I know it's not my body's design.
>
If you're not  
In it to heal  
If you're not  
Changing what we eat  
If you're not in it for care  
If you're not in it to heal  
Let me make it clear  
To you, my dear  
[Handclaps]  
If that's the best you can do,  
I'm outta here!  
>  
> ChatGPT & Me