---
title: "\"Even the Best Fall Down Sometimes\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

I am pulling closer to critical mass; I *want* to get out there and invest in cardio.  I feel fantastic!  I've written how I've been feeling green each day.  Generally, it's late afternoon, starting around 3 or so.  You could run trains by it.  Four days ago, I fixed it!  

I'm unsure *how* because I changed two variables: *Great Value Butter* and *Great Value 100% Pure* (next line) *Beef Burgers*.  Now, I had a sneaking suspicion about the butter being the cause of my problem.  

And as to the "beef" burgers, I do not trust the label of "INGREDIENTS: 100% BEEF."  It's like those folks who add just a little bit too much detail to their lies.  I get the sense it caused my stalled weightloss, because I'm following my same macros that have given me a trophy shelf of wins.  

But, I don't know what is the culprit 'cause I yanked them both out of the lineup as my budget wailed away with a big upgrade: the beautiful Kerrygold, brought forth to this earth from the grass of Ireland.  As to the beef, I just conceded with a 5-lb chub at Walmart to hold me over until the next shopping trip, which I'm leaning toward bringing back shopping at Gordon's.  I have lost SO much weight [on this stuff](https://gfsstore.com/products/769070/)!  Buy three 10 lb chubs; I'm set for the month!  Like today, I had 8.3 oz cooked of beef, 2 eggs, and two cups of coffee.  Add a stick and a half of Kerrygold for that beautiful fat and it puts me at 203 / 76.5 / 1.2.

Easy peasy, lemon squeezy!

I am *happy* that I resolved all that nonsense.  Generally, I like my food selections because, hey, it is heavy on the minimally-processed side.  "That ol' lab tech won't get me today!"  And again, an elimination diet is the way to go tinkering with the machine isn't performing to our expectations.

Gotta keep enhancing my capabilities & capacities!

> Harder   
Better   
Faster   
Stronger  
>  
> [Daft Punk](https://open.spotify.com/track/5W3cjX2J3tjhG8zb6u0qHn?si=ddf1151a008f4748) (2001)
  

