---
title: "\"Your Voice Is the Splinter Inside Me\""
categories:
- "2024"
---

In the waning hours of a Friday night, I applied stylistic changes to this site—a rem here, a text-align there, none of it actually ~~improves~~ means anything.  Perhaps the only part of design that matters is to just get out of the way of the message.  How often do we waste our time!

I ressurected my New Year's Resolutions, but repurposed the page as Goals.  Goals matter; they ought to be directly considered and not approached like life in an intertube on the Spring River.  

I have discarded the Mid Year's Resolutions because it never reached critical mass due to the lack of fanfare that a new year provides.

I took down my 2024 resolutions because I forecasted that I wasn't going to hit my moonshots.  Moonshots!  I don't have just one, but THREE.  I wield magic, but c'mon, like what was once said for the imaginatively brilliant mark, I do these things "not because they are easy, but because they are hard."

So, I'm bringing *everything* back.  Things haven't changed; I'm *still* on my diet streak...*still* slimming down...*still* dropping weight to run.  I just need to pick up the weights and crank these arms and delts to at least launch the rocket in the right direction!

There are a couple of new sections as well as I want to hammer out things for 2025 and what I want to grab for the rest of my life.  That sort of thing needs intense mindmapping to lay some serious mental firepower down.  But, it is *critical* to look ahead and begin journeying toward those objectives.  

Too often, the day-to-day blinds us—I know it does me; before I know it, 2018 turns to 2025.  Nevertheless, there's a voice inside of me.  As it has been sung over and over again, "There is a light that never goes out."



