---
title: "The Fire"
categories:
- "2024"
---

I *need* to crank out the [end credits theme](https://open.spotify.com/track/10dA8ziqSpYaeeqLGEGKmr?si=b61b1f1cf2bc4f42) to 1993's Jurassic Park.

Yesterday, I must of spent the most time I have beneath a summer sun since those days I made slump tests behind a concrete truck.  In those days of 1998, I'd wear a pair of blue jean overalls with no shirt.  In 2024, I wore an all-black polyester, long-sleeved shirt and pants.  But both had a pair of shades!

I did a second day of yard work; this time featured the backyard as I used up both of my 80V 2.5 Ah batteries from Harbor Freight on that tiny front yard the day prior.  Those suckers cost me $150 a piece!  Collectively, that's $500 for my mower!  I've been foolin' around with this tech since 2014 and I gotta say, gasoline makes this planet a better place.

Thus, I attacked the backyard with passion as I walked through a waterfall of memories.  That road behind me has that sort of effect on me.  I buzzed the weedwhacker across the realm; the grass slapped me silly.  I took a break to shower off the havoc the Green Beast wrought upon me, fed the kids, and assembled a charcoal grill on the patio.  

I haven't run one of those things in years.  It was never optimal; I could do things faster.  "Just throw it in the meat drawer and let the magic happen!  Warmup and 12 minutes later and you got yourself some grub."

But, I've undergone a change in very recent days.  I'm not sure I can succinctly describe it.

"Come over here and let me look through this bin."  

*\*his fingers briefly rest on a Kenny Chesney album before moving on*\*

> Steel bars wrapped around me,   
I've been your prisoner since the day you found me  

"—no, no, not *that* one.  Lemme dig deeper over in Bed Bath & Beyond." 

*\*wrinkles his nose from the musty smell\**

> And I wanna be free    
Free to scream, free to bathe     
Free to paint my toes all day    

"—wha? Free to paint your toes?  Zounds!  No, It's gotta be around here somewhere...ooh, the Beatles *1* compilation, that's good but doesn't fit...OK...yep, THIS is the one!" 

*\*dusts off the cassette single and smiles\**

> Then outta nowhere you tell me to break  
Outta the country and into more country  
Past Dyersburg into Ripley  
Where the ghost of childhood haunts me  
Walk the roads my forefathers walked  
Climbed the trees my forefathers hung from  
Ask those trees for all their wisdom  
They tell me my ears are so young (home)  
Go back to from whence you came (home)  
My family tree, my family name (home)  
For some strange reason it had to be (home)  
He guided me to Tennessee (home)  
>  
> Arrested Development, [*Tennessee*](https://open.spotify.com/track/1aaoIHFT9UqhlaEwLAhh00?si=af817e1c8990485d) (1992)

There is something primal about fire.


