---
title: "In the Lingering Hints of My Chrome Cologne's Final Spritzes..."
categories:
- "2024"
---

Late yesterday afternoon, I feasted on chicken bones and skin!  4.3 oz of bones and 1.2 oz of skin—everything I could glean from 3 chicken quarters.  I set aside the meat for the kids.  And regarding the broth—my main intent—I am delighting in it after coming in from another walk in the windchill 20s this morning. 

The broth is easy to make:  

1. Water to the max on an Instant Pot
2. 4 hours + depressurization
3. Filter broth
4. Chill broth overnight and skim off fat separation
5. Stream Redmond salt and reheat to 160℉

The cardio session was just under an hour, just long enough for me to be thriving and confidently cutting through the night air, my green headlamp a beacon *Burning Bright*.

I canceled a couple of orders with Amazon: the aforementioned glow stick and treadmill, the glow stick because of logistics irregularities, and the treadmill because of a new strategy.  We extended my Bartlett Rec individual membership to a family one for the next 3 ½ months so that my wife could use its resources.  

As for me, I haven't been back to BRC since [that *Dust in the Bin* day](/2023-05-26-dust-in-the-bin/).  I've competed in recent days to put that May away.  And I have...

<div class="special-class" markdown="1">

|Record|Mark|Achieved|
|--|--|--|
|Most Steps in a Day| 31,200| Jan 3, 2024|
|Most Steps in a Week|170,565|Jan 7, 2024|
|Most Steps in a Month|407,628|Dec 31, 2023|
|Longest Goal Streak|19 days|Jan 10, 2024|

</div>

But, I'm not done yet...I'm just getting started.

> If you want a cowboy on a white horse  
Ridin' off into the sunset  
If that's the (fitness shove) you wanna wait for  
Hold on tight, girl, I ain't there yet  
No, I ain't there yet  
>  
> -Chris Stapleton, *White Horse*

This cowboy is wearing his [*Battlestar Galactica* buckle](https://www.ebay.com/itm/275088833168) for the first time.

