---
title: '"An Edge of the Empire Garrison Town"'
categories:
- "2024"
---

Against my better wishes, I've migrated back to Google—yeah, exactly.  I'm not flipping my email back.  It's *only* to add functionality to a once deGoogled Android phone.  I *think* there is value in augmenting ability in this dynamic space.  Google is still a creep.  I guess it's about responding to the unknown, isn't it?  That said, it is a goal of mine in 2024 to complete the migration from Google products.  Thus, a temporary crutch!

As to my NYR24, I'll hit my passive marks.  But, will my active ones may fall to the wayside—ratio, arms, and races?  I just don't know *contextually*...change aside, I just don't have *it* to lift for my shoulders and arms.  As to my races...well, we'll see.

Nevertheless, I *do* want to hit those goals.  We're far from that first week of the new year where resolutions die; we're almost into April!  Go us?  The shape of 2024...*The Shape of Things to Come*.

I even revived my Garmin, though all of my past 2023-24 walks, records, and badges are lost in the digital ether.  I value my watch more for its heart rate tracking and alarm clock than something that compels me to push, for things haven't changed.  

Yeah, good ol' immutable me...kinda a different context as I listen to Mr. Big *Just Take My Heart* from way back when, that place when I used to store its cassette single with my wooden turn-table and 8-track horizontal cabinet.  Yep, right next to those singles of...

...RHCP - *Under the Bridge*...   
...VH - *Right Now* and *Top of the World*...  
...Jesus Jones - *Right Here, Right Now*...   
...Paul Young - *What Becomes of the Broken-Hearted*...   
...that *Smells Like Teen Spirit/Smells Like Nirvana* combo...  

—all of those junior high favorites.  My mind dials back to my hits...

[YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4OCtq81PSA)

Yeah, everything's still numb.  It's always disconcerting to run a towel down my calves.  The last time I felt 100% was—well, interestingly enough when I walked 40,000 steps on February 11.  It's funny how we can reach a high that's immediately followed by [a long descent](/2024-02-13-fire/).

I look to my future.  It's bright, for sure, for I begin with the ending and I'll end with the beginning.  Unknowns encircle me, but haven't they always?  Aren't they *all* extraneous details?  The core is as it always was.  The rest is just background.  Still, for the luster of 2022, ne'er the pan sifted bonanza.







