---
title: "Smile"
categories:
- "2024"
---

Perhaps what is the most encouraging of this phase of 2024 is how absolutely ALIVE I feel.  I don't know what lies ahead and I have little expectation thereof; I have no need.  I'm happy.  Of course, there's always this and that to checkmark off—that's a given, right?  But the state of my mind?  I'm delighted.  Perhaps it's a good thing I stay off the news cycle like I did in 2020—what a delightful year that was for me!  

2020 included the full length of Expeditions 13-16 and began another that went full Carnivore with The 17th.  Incidentally, those were the Expeditions that had the bulk of the playlists.  

I do look forward to a morning paper that is a set of AI-generated articles directly relevant to my life.  Then again, as it has been sung:

> I can gather all the news I need on the weather report  
Hey, I've got nothing to do today but smile

I was happy out in the country.  Sure, I thought of Memphis; I thought of friends.  But, there was a peace out there.  There was a night sky to gaze ever so deep into the stars.  I'm afraid much of Memphis is reflected into the suburbs.

But what of my subsequent return?  I do miss people.  The difference between 2024 and 2020 is that I thought there was spatial distance from the ones I loved.  But, no, it became clear to me in 2021 that the physical gap is irrelevant.  It's more complicated than that.  People tend to lose their individuality; they become systems, sometimes a collective for assimilation on the *Us vs. Them* campaign, sometimes just a flavorless *We*.  Someone who says, **I'm Me**, idiosyncrasies and all, is someone I can gravitate toward and smile.  But, most folks are a copy-of-a-copy—two-dimensional housefronts to quickly pass by beneath the street light.

This morning had no 2:30 AM alarm to boot me up.  But, it was of no consequence.  The rain washed the snow and me away.  I put in a Chest workout making sure I dropped the weight on movements that taxed this sore forearm's souvenir from last week.  It only comes up when I move a weight away from my center of gravity, so hardly EVER!  ...then there was those failed attempts at opening a jar of sauerkraut for the kiddos...but again, as it has been sung:

> Now, I look in the mirror and what do I see:  
A lone wolf there staring back at me  
Long in the tooth but harmless as can be  
Lord, I guess he's doin' all right.   
And it's a great day to be alive...  

