---
title: "Simma Down Na"
categories:
- "2021"
---

In the past, few days, I've pitched "just a bit outside" regarding my calcium intake—it wasn't on purpose!  I've read where a single teaspoon of ground eggshell is 800-1,000 mg of calcium.  And what have I been doing in recent days?  About 2-3 TABLESPOONS of that superior absorptive egg shell a day!  For those of you playing at home, that's a *whopping* 9000 mg of calcium!

 My digestive track sent a rather cross interoffice memo on the subject.  Whether it's the irritation from what might be typified on a jobsite as concrete silica or from the actual calcium itself, I do not know.  Neither do I really know how much calcium I am absorbing—or how much I WANT!  In 2020, I questioned whether I absorbed the entirety of my optimized RDA-to-calorie diet.  There's also a context of government authorities being unwilling or unable to provide the actual reqs.  Even if we knew (we do not) what we need, what about customization: *Present Me* just ain't the same as *Twenty-Nine Years Ago Me*, even at the same height.  There was a reason why once upon time, I could knock back a tray of freshly fried apple pies on my breaks at Piggly Wiggly when that same behavior today vaults me past 300 lbs!

And yet, we're still just talking about me, somebody who is far more relevant as an analog than that oddly-shaped, androgynous Walmart shopper, a hopped-up-on-Pop-Tarts-and-Pixy-Stix middle schooler raging down the aisle or that old man in the overalls *catching flies* on a bench.  Nevertheless, it's "recommended" we all eat the same.  You can see my departure aboard my keto-to-carnivore flight, as I completely disregard those silly, little Nutrition "Facts" beyond chuckling at what shell game sugar is playing this time.  And this flight is arriving soon!  

The whole RDA thing was kicked off in the first place by just examining what people ate in the 1940s.  I don't know if cigarette consumption made the list!  [Remember when doctors used to prescribe them?](https://rarehistoricalphotos.com/doctors-smoking-cigarette-1930-1950/) It's not unlike Coca-Cola's medicinal emergence.  That said, if today people were more like that WWII generation, we'd be far better for it—somebody gimme a Lucky Strike, stat!

Who am I kidding?  Be human.  What did we eat before we got too big for our britches?  If I may misappropriate this quotation:

> Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed.

After reading my own Nutrition Facts, there's a strong push to *simma down na* on egg shells.
