---
title: "Autumn 2021: Day One"
categories:
- "2021"
---

I love the fall.  This season is hardly a new topic as I wrote a year ago with [October 3's *I Remember You*](/2020-10-03-i-remember-you/) (with bonus credit applicability for me today) and again, [EXACTLY TODAY, three years ago in 2018](/2018-09-22-hello-fall-the-skinniest-strongman-is-alive-in-portland/).  

Autumn is *magical*. I feel a rush of something BIG that's tantalizingly close—just right around the corner, that I'm going to do something special.  Thus far, this has translated into my autodidactic tendencies snacking on a couple scoops of physics with a slice of calculus—though I REALLY need to get back into Python for a Gnucash replacement.  For the past couple of weeks I got pretty heavy into a strength of mine, WWII—it got me to thinking: I ought to concentrate into a subject for awhile before I continue to bounce around the disciplines ([see my LibraryThing account](https://www.librarything.com/profile/INTJ-Bill)) .  

Today itself had inviting weather and that ol' wind motioned for me to hit the open road.  At one point, I found my hair unfurled with opened windows as my car tore down a well-worn path from the 90s behind Easthill—I felt I was 18 again, running my paces back home as I blared the soundtrack to *Top Gun*...

...I felt *alive*!  

I pulled up to my childhood home and parked on the street like I did nightly with my old 1979 Ford truck in 1995 and 1996.  For a moment, I could see everything as it once was...until my eyes saw how my mailbox was missing its flag.  It snapped me out of the enchantment.  I drove on.

My intention is that today will be the first of many new days to get outside and train. Will I shape it as such?  As it has been sung, "In all the good times I find myself longin' for change..."




