---
title: "Two..."
categories:
- "2022"
---

> Many places I have been  
Many sorrows I have seen  
But I don't regret  
Nor will I forget  
All who took that road with me  
>
> Billy Boyd, *The Last Goodbye*

I am weak; I am a fragile creature.  I know that's not what the script says.  I'm *supposed* to puff my chest and live like my end date isn't already punched.  We do that, don't we?  We just go *on and on* ad nauseam with our polarizing politics and our polished prattle.

And yet, I rub my left shoulder from December 2020...my elbow from the spring's pre-sunrise run...or this knee from August...or that August bit of ceramic in my foot.  I need no reminders.  It is everpresent that we are all under entropy; We are all breaking down. 

I'm reminded of these Flaming Lips' lyrics:

> Do you realize  
That everyone you know someday will die?  
And instead of saying all of your goodbyes  
Let them know you realize that life goes fast    
It's hard to make the good things last   
Doesn't everyone know we're all about to die?    

Gone are the summers of my youth.  They were here—I *had* them—I turned my back for *just* a second, and now they are gone.

But, death is *not* annihilation.  Truthfully, I'll never die.  And this fascinates me.  Yes, sometimes I get caught up with what I'm *supposed* to be sad about...until I come to my senses.  On this side of things, I gaze out on the horizon and think of the separation—sure, death, but also the realization that people may still be alive who once played a prominent role in my life are now...just gone.  And the last time I saw them, I sure didn't think it would be the last time I would see them.  It would be paralyzing if I knew.