---
title: "Six..."
categories:
- "2022"
---

> Wasted away again in Margaritaville  
Searchin' for my lost shaker of salt  
Some people claim that there's a woman to blame    
But, I know it's nobody's fault  
>  
>  Jimmy Buffet

There was once a time, maybe some 25 minutes ago, that hearing the constant crashing of water from the tub, a sound that cannot be fettered if I want to protect my pipes, just drove me batty.  It's those Dad inclinations: it's like somebody is pouring nickels and dimes down the drain.  But, instead of coiling away from my irritation, I embraced it.  I plugged in the stopper, grabbed a foldable round chair, threw on *Margaritaville*, lit a candle and flipped off the lights.  I put up my feet and sang along to *No Shoes, No Shirt, No Problems*.  

Further setting the mood, since I'm not on board with showering in what MLGW says I gotta boil first, I reverted back to my 2004 ways and did a rubdown with rubbing  alcohol—BUT, this time around, I followed it up with coconut oil.  I transferred a few tablespoons from the jar to a Ziploc so as to reach a liquid state through the use of a hot faucet.  It was a *decadent* experience!  "Quick!  Somebody hand over a New York cheesecake!"  The coconut oil completes this beach motif....well, as much as can be squeezed outta Memphis under a state of emergency declared by the mayor.

And so, this is the context for my framing tomorrow's blog post, which, by the time you find it, it's today!

"Some beach, somewhere..."

I've been toying with some changes to my website.  I figure it's my last shot to get something in before the new year.  Oh, I haven't done anything to the production side of things.  But, I tried some stuff on my computer—I'm sticking with Jekyll and will be throughout the upcoming year, but I've been playing with converting an HTML template or grabbing a theme specific to Jekyll.  Still, I just like this basic thing I got.  Outside of plugging in a search feature, there's not much more I want out of it.

Now that Christmas is aside, my attention turns to New Year's Eve.  I need to solidify my resolutions for some are still up in the air.  It's an issue of time as a resource as to whether things are in play.  Sometimes I drop ideas because I don't see how the *what* updates the *who*.  The task just cannot be an end unto itself.
