---
title: "Three..."
categories:
- "2022"
---

> Drive all night  
Into the midnight

Another day of low-pressure water pipes:  HOWEVER, I have heat and a plan for a 2023 future.  It was only days ago when I said aloud to myself about the freezing temperatures in the house, "I can't sleep in my bed because I would literally die in there."

A week has passed since I've taken a shower.  Do I stink?  Hardly!  I haven't EVEN used deodorant since 2020!  *Note to the reader: I haven't emptied this much cologne either since 2000.*  There was once a time when I went four months without a shower in 2004—getting clean does not have to be such a luxurious ritual.  It just takes the shattering of Instagram fantasy with a sledgehammer.  I'd argue that I remove more bad gunk with my rubbing alcohol wipes and coconut oil massage ritual than [splashing water about](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iw3wsmYRO4M).

Rental and MLGW failures aside, I recognize that evil has overrun the city.  Indeed, this is a dark place.  The light is held no longer; it is not the home I knew.  The hour grows long in Memphis. As each day passes, my time here fades. In more practical matters, I'd rather not spend the time thinking up solutions for things I should *not* have to solve, whether mitigating a lack of water supply or performing threat analysis. 

It is a minor luxury, but I *do* like this canned Kroger seltzer water as I write to yesterday's stream, more so than my typical Sodastream water.  This new drink of mine has all the nuanced joy of...a cold Bud Light.
