---
title: "Five..."
categories:
- "2022"
---

On the edge of 2023, I don't know what style I want to run my website.  Structurally, yes, I've chosen not to return to Wordpress.  I even put down a late push yesterday to the free hosting with Github Pages and the Minimal-Mistakes theme, but that theme is taking a step back for me—I had flashbacks of running down everything to convert it to my retrowave design!  Last night, I thought I'd strip out all Javascript and yank CSS chunks to more of a barebones, get-out-of-the-way approach.  

Going back to the default blue and purple with underlines feels like home to me...but, who are we kidding.  These are the things that were.  There's no Netscape Navigator gif here.  It's not like my text is in Times New Roman and runs a mile long.  I mean, I'm not looking for an elegant look like it's one big bridal invitation—just effective legibility!  I'm absolutely certain that if they knew how to apply Comic Sans, the world would be overrun with that abomination. 

I've known the Internet to be a place of reading, but most website seems to think it's about ONE HUGE GRAPHIC without a second thought about the text—AND we've TOTALLY ASKED for autoplay commercials since we're not huddled around the TV so much these days.  And finally, just kick in some popups and ads in the text for funzies...I'm ranting, aren't I? 

Last night, I finally got around to fixing a pet peeve of mine:  smart quotes and ellipses—I don't know why Tech thinks we want these things.  I added this to my _config.yml:

    kramdown:
      smart_quotes: ["apos", "apos", "quot", "quot"]
      typographic_symbols: {hellip: ...}

Ultimately, this styling process is like the Property Brothers, the approach "We can put in the features you want" as I visit other sites.  Like most my last theme was based on the color scheme between this FM-84's *Atlas*, and The Midnight's *Nocturnal*.


All I really know is that it'll be a remarkable achievement if this site stays online and unchanged in 2023—that's the goal.  It's like that yeard goal of mine:  all I gotta do is DO NOTHING!